<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>relation to RIBs using the UPI Mechanism), Registered Brokers, CDPs and RTAs, who are authorised to collect Bid cum Application Forms from the relevant Bidders, in relation to the Issue.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by RIIs Bidding in the Retail Portion by authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account, Designated Intermediaries shall mean SCSBs.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by UPI Bidders where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI Bidder using the UPI Mechanism, Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/agents, Registered Brokers, CDPs, SCSBs and RTAs.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders (not using the UPI Mechanism), Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/ agents, SCSBs, Registered Brokers, the CDPs and RTAs.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated RTA Locations</td><td>Such locations of the RTAs where Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can submit the ASBA Forms to RTAs.<br/>The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com) and updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated SCSB Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus/ DRHP</td><td>This Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated [●] issued in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which does not contain complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted and the size of the Issue including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible FPI(s)</td><td>FPI(s) that are eligible to participate in the Issue in terms of applicable law and from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer / invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe or purchase the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI(s)</td><td>A non-resident Indian, resident in a jurisdiction outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid Cum Application Form constitutes an invitation to subscribe or purchase for the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>Account(s) opened with the Escrow Collection Bank(s) and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through direct credit/NEFT/RTGS/NACH in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank(s)</td><td>The Bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an issue under the SEBI BTI Regulations and with whom the Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>First Bidder or Sole Bidder</td><td>Bidder whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalised and below which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive Economic Offender</td><td>An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue</td><td>The fresh issue of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] each (including a share premium of ₹ [●] each), aggregating up to ₹ 16,000 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document or GID</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public offers, prepared and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020, issued by SEBI, suitably modified and updated pursuant to, among others, the UPI Circulars and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>The gross proceeds of the Fresh Issue that will be available to our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number of our Company, being INE2FMX01012.</td></tr></tbody></table>