<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Issue</td><td>Initial public offering of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share aggregating up to ₹ 16,000 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated September 19, 2025, executed between our Company and the BRLMs, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed to in relation to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Bidders other than Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs on the Pricing Date, in accordance with the Book-Building Process and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Proceeds</td><td>The Proceeds of the Issue which shall be available to our Company. For further information about use of the Issue Proceeds, see "Objects of the Issue" on page 104.</td></tr><tr><td>Mobile App(s)</td><td>The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=4 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by UPI Bidders to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum Promoters' Contribution</td><td>Aggregate of 20% of the fully diluted post-Issue equity share capital of our Company that are eligible to form part of the minimum promoters' contribution, as required under the Regulations 14 and 16(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between our Company and the Monitoring Agency.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Funds</td><td>Mutual funds registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue being 5% of the Net QIB Portion consisting of [●] Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allotted to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds of the Fresh Issue less our Company's share of the Issue expenses. For further details regarding the use of the Net Proceeds and the Issue expenses, see "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 104.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Bidders/ Non-Institutional Investors/ NIIs</td><td>All Bidders that are not QIBs or Retail Individual Investors and who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount more than ₹ 2 lakhs (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue being not less than 15% of the Net Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, out of which i) one third shall be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 2 lakhs up to ₹ 10 lakhs; and ii) two-thirds shall be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 10 lakhs. Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (i) or (ii), may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Resident/NRI</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs.</td></tr><tr><td>Price Band</td><td>Price band of a minimum price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (Floor Price) and the maximum price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (Cap Price) including any revisions thereof. The Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and shall be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot for the Issue will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, and will be advertised in all editions of [●], a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all editions of [●], all editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper), in [●] edition of a widely circulated Gujarati national daily newspaper, Gujarati also being the regional language of Gujarat, where our Registered Office is situated, at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, with the relevant financial ratios calculated at the Floor Price and at the Cap Price, and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their respective websites.</td></tr><tr><td>Pricing Date</td><td>The date on which our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, will finalise the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Prospectus</td><td>The Prospectus to be filed with the RoC in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue Price that is determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of the Issue and certain other information, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account(s)</td><td>Bank account(s) to be opened with the Public Issue Account Bank(s) under Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, to receive monies from the Escrow Account(s) and ASBA Accounts</td></tr></tbody></table>