<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>and the Bid cum Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied, includes an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding Centers</td><td>Centers at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms, i.e., Designated SCSB Branches for SCSBs, Specified Locations for Syndicate, Broker Centers for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Building Process</td><td>Book building process, as provided in Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the Issue is being made.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Running Lead Managers/ BRLMs/Managers</td><td>The book running lead managers to the Issue namely, BOI Merchant Bankers Limited and PNB Investment Services Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Broker Centers</td><td>Broker Centers of the Registered Brokers where ASBA Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms, provided that UPI Bidders may only submit ASBA Forms at such broker Centers if they are Bidding using the UPI Mechanism. The details of such broker Centers, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers, are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>CAN/ Confirmation of Allocation Note</td><td>Notice or intimation of allocation of the Equity Shares sent to Anchor Investors, who have been allocated the Equity Shares, on/after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Cap Price</td><td>The higher end of the Price Band, above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will not be finalised and above which no Bids will be accepted, including any revisions thereof. The Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and shall be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Cash Escrow and Sponsor Bank(s) Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the BRLMs, Syndicate Members, the Escrow Collection Bank(s), the Public Issue Account Bank(s), the Sponsor Banks, and the Refund Bank(s) for, among other things, collection of the Bid Amounts from the Anchor Investors and where applicable, transfer of funds to the Public Issue Account(s) and where applicable remitting refunds, if any, to Bidders on the terms and conditions thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Circular or Streamlining of Public Issues or UPI Circular</td><td>SEBI circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, along with the circular issued by the NSE having reference no. 23/2022 dated July 22, 2022, and having reference number 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022 and the circular issued by BSE Limited having reference no. 20220702-30 dated July 22, 2022, and having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022, SEBI master circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD1/P/CIR/2024/0154 dated November 11, 2024 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by the SEBI or the Stock Exchanges in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>Client ID</td><td>Client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to the Bidder's beneficiary account.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Depository Participant/ CDP</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of the SEBI circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015, and the SEBI UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI and as per the list available on the websites of BSE and NSE.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Registrar and Share Transfer Agents/ CRTAs/ RTAs</td><td>Registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids at the Designated RTA Locations in terms of, among others, SEBI circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015, issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Cut-off Price</td><td>Issue Price, finalised by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, which shall be any price within the Price Band. Only Retail Individual Investors are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs (including Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Investors are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Demographic Details</td><td>Details of the Bidders including the Bidder's address, name of the Bidder's father/husband, investor status, occupation and bank account details and UPI ID, where applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated CDP Locations</td><td>Such locations of the CDPs where Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can submit the ASBA Forms. The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Date</td><td>The date on which funds are transferred from the Escrow Account(s) and the amounts blocked are transferred from the ASBA Accounts, as the case may be, to the Public Issue Account(s) or the Refund Account(s), as appropriate, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, after the finalisation of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, following which Equity Shares may be Allotted to successful Bidders in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Intermediaries</td><td>Collectively, the members of the Syndicate, sub-syndicate or agents, SCSBs (other than in</td></tr></tbody></table>