<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Executive Director(s)</td><td>Executive director(s) of our Company. For further details of the Executive Directors, see "Our Management" on page 189.</td></tr><tr><td>Infomerics</td><td>Infomerics Analytics and Research Private Limited, appointed by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 28, 2025, for the preparation of the Infomerics Report.</td></tr><tr><td>Infomerics Report</td><td>Industry report titled "Outlook for Textile Industry 2025" dated September 29, 2025, prepared and issued by Infomerics, pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 28, 2025. The Infomerics Report has been commissioned and paid for by our Company, exclusively in connection with the Issue and shall be available on the website of our Company at https://www.aasthaspintex.com till the Bid/Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies</td><td>The group companies identified in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, whereunder the term "group company" includes (i) companies with which there were related party transactions during the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, in accordance with Ind AS 24; and (ii) any other companies as considered material by our Board, in accordance with our Materiality Policy. For further details, see "Our Group Companies" on page 217.</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director(s)</td><td>Non-executive and independent director(s) of our Company who are eligible to be appointed as independent director(s) under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations. For details of the Independent Directors, see "Our Management- Board of Directors" on page 189.</td></tr><tr><td>IPO Committee</td><td>The IPO committee of our Board, constituted to facilitate the process of the Issue, and as described in "Our Management - Committees of the Board - IPO Committee" on page 205.</td></tr><tr><td>KMP/ Key Managerial Personnel</td><td>Key managerial personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and Section 2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013 and as further described in "Our Management- Key Managerial Personnel" on page 209.</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Facility</td><td>Our Manufacturing Facility, situated at Survey No 1441 1442 1448/1 1449 1450/2 P2 & 1443/P2, Halvad Maliya Highway, Halvad, Surendra Nagar-363 330, Gujarat, India spread across an area of 65,762 sq mtr.</td></tr><tr><td>Materiality Policy</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board on August 8, 2025, for identification of: (a) outstanding material litigation proceedings; (b) Group Companies; and (c) material creditors, pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as amended and for the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>MoA/ Memorandum of Association</td><td>The memorandum of association of our Company, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The nomination and remuneration committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Listing Regulations and as described in "Our Management - Committees of the Board - Nomination and Remuneration Committee" on page 201.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoters</td><td>The promoters of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(oo) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations namely, Patel Divyang Jashvantbhai, Rasiklal Valjibhai Patel, Gothis Vivek Rasiklal and Jashwantbhai Valjibhai Patel. For further details, please see "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on page 212.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter Group</td><td>Persons and entities constituting the promoter group of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as disclosed in "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on page 212.</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Office</td><td>The registered office of our Company, situated at Survey No 1441 1442 1448/1 1449 1450/2 P2 & 1443/P2, Halvad Maliya Highway, Halvad, Surendra Nagar-363 330, Gujarat, India.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar of Companies/RoC</td><td>The Registrar of Companies, Gujarat at Ahmedabad</td></tr><tr><td>Restated Financial Information / Restated Financial Statements</td><td>The restated financial information of our Company comprising the restated statement of assets and liabilities of our Company as at the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the restated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statement of changes in equity and the restated statement of cash flows, for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, and the summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information prepared, in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on "Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)" issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time.</td></tr></tbody></table>