listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal and all percentage figures have been rounded off to two decimal places. In certain instances, discrepancies in any table between the sums of the amounts listed in the table and totals are due to rounding off.

Further, any figures sourced from third party industry sources may be rounded off to other than to the second decimal to conform to their respective sources.

Any percentage amounts, as set forth in "Risk Factors", "Our Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations" on pages 33, 156 and 288, respectively, and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, unless otherwise stated or context requires otherwise, have been derived from Restated Standalone Financial Information or non-GAAP financial measures as described below.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Certain non-GAAP measures like EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Return on Capital Employed, PAT Margin and Debt to Equity Ratio ("Non-GAAP Measures") presented in this Red Herring Prospectus are a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a standardised term, hence a direct comparison of similarly titled Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate the Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Although the Non-GAAP Measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company's management believes that it is useful to an investor in evaluating us because it is a widely used measure to evaluate a company's operating performance. See "Risk Factors- Risk Factor 74- In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have included certain Non-GAAP ("Generally Accepted Accounting Principles") financial measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance." on page 63.

## Industry and Market Data

Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from report titled Outlook for Textile Industry 2025" dated September 29, 2025, prepared by Infomerics Analytics & Research Private Limited ("Infomerics Report"), which has been prepared exclusively for the purpose of understanding the industry in connection with the Issue and commissioned and paid for by our Company, pursuant to the engagement letter dated May 28, 2025. The Infomerics Report is commissioned and paid for exclusively for the purposes of the Issue, by our Company in connection with the Issue. The data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes excerpts from the Infomerics Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. A copy of the Infomerics Report is available on the website of our Company at https://www.aasthaspintex.com/ until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Infomerics Report and included herein with respect to any particular Fiscal/ calendar year refers to such information for the relevant Fiscal/ calendar year. Infomerics Analytics & Research Private Limited has confirmed that it is an independent agency and has no relationship with our Company, Directors, Promoters, Promoter Group, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management, Group Companies or the BRLMs. The Infomerics Report is subject to the following disclaimer:

The report has been prepared by Infomerics Analytics & Research Private Limited ("Infomerics Report") using its proprietary database and other sources deemed reliable, though absolute accuracy and completeness are not assured. The information, views, and opinions contained herein are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute investment advice, recommendations, or an offer to transact in any industry, sector, or company. Forecasts and projections are based on assumptions considered reasonable at the time of preparation, but actual outcomes may differ due to changing economic and industry conditions. Infomerics Analytics & Research, its parent company, directors, and employees accept no liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of this report. The contents are intended solely for the authorized recipient in India, and reproduction or redistribution requires prior written consent.

Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness relevance