# SECTION I – GENERAL

## DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVATIONS

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below, and references to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule guidelines or policy as amended from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision.

In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below), the definitions given below shall prevail.

The words and expressions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein shall have, to the extent applicable, the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, the SEBI Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SCRA, the Depositories Act or the rules and regulations made thereunder.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms in "Description of Equity Shares and Terms of the Articles of Association", "Statement of Possible Tax Benefits", "Industry Overview", "Our Business", "History and Certain Corporate Matters", "Key Regulations and Policies in India", "Basis for the Issue Price", "Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities", "Restated Financial Information", and "Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments" on pages 359, 124, 129, 156, 185, 170, 115, 357, 220 and 303 respectively, will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in those respective sections.

### General terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Our Company/ the Company/ the Issuer</td><td>Aastha Spintex Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its Registered Office at Survey No 1441 1442 1448/1 1449 1450/2 P2 & 1443/P2, Halvad Maliya Highway, Halvad, Surendra Nagar-363 330, Gujarat, India.</td></tr><tr><td>We/ us/ our</td><td>Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to our Company as at and during the relevant financial period as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Company related terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>AoA/Articles of Association or Articles</td><td>The articles of association of our Company, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Audit Committee</td><td>The audit committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Listing Regulations and as described in "Our Management – Committees of the Board–Audit Committee" on page 198.</td></tr><tr><td>Auditors/ Statutory Auditors</td><td>The statutory auditors of our Company, being S.N. Shah & Associates, Chartered Accountants.</td></tr><tr><td>Board/ Board of Directors</td><td>The board of directors of our Company, as constituted from time to time. For further details, please see "Our Management – Board of Directors" on page 189.</td></tr><tr><td>Chairman and Managing Director</td><td>Chairman and Managing Director of our Company, being Patel Divyang Jashvantbhai. For further details, please see "Our Management – Board of Directors" on page 189.</td></tr><tr><td>Chief Financial Officer/ CFO</td><td>Chief Financial Officer of our Company, being Monpara Kunal Babulal. For further details, please see "Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel" on page 209.</td></tr><tr><td>Company Secretary and Compliance Officer</td><td>The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company, being Tushar Dhirubhai Devera. For further details, please see "Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel" on page 209.</td></tr><tr><td>"Corporate Social Responsibility Committee" or "CSR Committee"</td><td>The corporate social responsibility committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and as described in "Our Management – Committees of the Board – Corporate Social Responsibility Committee" on page 204.</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s)</td><td>The director(s) on our Board as appointed from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>The equity shares of our Company of face value of ₹ 10 each.</td></tr></tbody></table>