<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Sub-syndicate Members</td><td>The sub syndicate members, if any, appointed by the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members, to collect ASBA Forms and Revision Forms.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members in relation to the procurement of Bid cum Application Forms by the Syndicate.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Members</td><td>Intermediaries (other than the BRLMs) registered with SEBI who are permitted to carry out activities in relation to collection of Bids and as underwriters, namely, [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate/ members of the Syndicate</td><td>Together, the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members.</td></tr><tr><td>Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company/ NBFC-SI</td><td>Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriters</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between the Underwriters and our Company, on or after the Pricing Date but prior to filing of the Prospectus with the RoC.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI</td><td>Unified Payments Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Bidder(s)</td><td>Collectively, individual investors applying as Retail Individual Investors in the Retail Portion, and individuals applying as Non-Institutional Investors with a Bid Amount of up to ₹ 5 lakhs in the Non-Institutional Portion and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Collecting Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.<br>Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual investors applying in public issues where the application amount is up to ₹ 5 lakhs shall use UPI and shall provide their UPI ID in the bid-cum- application form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity).</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 (to the extent such circular is not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular, as applicable to RTA), SEBI RTA Master Circular (to the extent that it pertains to the UPI Mechanism), SEBI ICDR Master Circular, along with the circulars issued by the Stock Exchanges in this regard, including the circular issued by the NSE having reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022, and the circular issued by BSE having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI or the Stock Exchanges in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the UPI Bidders, by way of a notification on the UPI linked mobile application as disclosed by SCBS on the website of SEBI and by way of an SMS directing the UPI Bidders to such UPI linked mobile application) to the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism initiated by the Sponsor Banks to authorize blocking of funds equivalent to the Bid Amount in the relevant ASBA Account through the UPI linked mobile application, and the subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mechanism</td><td>The Bidding mechanism that may be used by UPI Bidders to make Bids in the Issue in accordance with UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI PIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transaction.</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter or Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>Wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Day(s)</td><td>All days on which commercial banks in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India are open for business, provided however, for the purpose of announcement of the Price Band and the Bid/ Issue Period, "Working Day" shall mean all days, excluding all Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays on which commercial banks in Mumbai, India are open for business and the time period between the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, "Working Day" shall mean all trading days of the Stock Exchanges excluding Sundays and bank holidays in India in accordance with circulars issued by SEBI, including UPI Circulars.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Conventional and general terms and abbreviations**