<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Senior Management/ Senior Management Personnel/ SMP</td><td>Senior management of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as further described in “Our Management- Senior Management Personnel” on page 209.</td></tr><tr><td>Shareholder(s)</td><td>The holders of the Equity Shares of our Company whose names are entered into (i) the register of members of our Company; or (ii) the records of a depository as a beneficial owner of Equity Shares from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Stakeholders Relationship Committee</td><td>The Stakeholders' Relationship Committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations and as described in “Our Management – Committees of the Board – Stakeholders' Relationship Committee” on page 203.</td></tr><tr><td>Whole-Time Director</td><td>The whole-time director of our Company being Gothi Vivek Rasiklal. For further details, please see “Our Management – Board of Directors” on page 189.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Issue related terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as may be specified by the SEBI in this behalf.</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) to a Bidder as proof of registration of the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Allot/ Allotment/ Allotted</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been or are to be Allotted the Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee(s)</td><td>A successful Bidder(s) to whom the Equity Shares are Allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹ 10 crores.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion, and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Bidding Date/ Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period</td><td>The date, being one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which the BRLM will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and allocation to Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Issue Price</td><td>Final price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and Allotted to Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price.<br>The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Pay-in Date</td><td>With respect to Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, not later than two Working Days after the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.<br>One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Supported by Blocked Amount/ ASBA</td><td>An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to make a Bid and authorize an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account and will include applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Account</td><td>A bank account maintained by an ASBA Bidder with a SCSB and specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder in which funds will be blocked by such SCSB to the extent</td></tr></tbody></table>