<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>A/c</td><td>Account.</td></tr><tr><td>AGM</td><td>Annual general meeting.</td></tr><tr><td>AIF</td><td>Alternate Investment Fund.</td></tr><tr><td>AY</td><td>Assessment Year.</td></tr><tr><td>BSE</td><td>BSE Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>CAGR</td><td>Compounded Annual Growth Rate.</td></tr><tr><td>Category I AIF</td><td>AIFs registered as "Category I alternative investment funds" under the SEBI AIF Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Category I FPIs</td><td>FPIs registered as "Category I foreign portfolio investors" under the SEBI FPI Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Category II AIF</td><td>AIF AIFs registered as "Category II alternative investment funds" under the SEBI AIF Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Category II FPIs</td><td>FPIs registered as "Category II foreign portfolio investors" under the SEBI FPI Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Category III AIF</td><td>AIFs registered as "Category III alternative investment funds" under the SEBI AIF Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Calendar Year or year</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, shall refer to the twelve-month period ending December 31.</td></tr><tr><td>CDSL</td><td>Central Depository Services (India) Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>CGST</td><td>Central Goods and Services Tax.</td></tr><tr><td>CIN</td><td>Corporate Identity Number.</td></tr><tr><td>Copyright Act</td><td>Copyright Act, 1957.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act, 1956</td><td>Companies Act, 1956, and the rules, regulations, notifications, modifications and clarifications made thereunder, as the context requires.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act, 2013/ Companies Act</td><td>Companies Act, 2013 and the rules, regulations, notifications, modifications and clarifications thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>Consolidated FDI Policy</td><td>The FDI Policy, effective from October 15, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, and any amendments or substitutions thereof, issued from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>COVID-19</td><td>A public health emergency of international concern as declared by the World Health Organization on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020.</td></tr><tr><td>CSR</td><td>Corporate Social Responsibility.</td></tr><tr><td>Demat</td><td>Dematerialised.</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories Act</td><td>Depositories Act, 1996 read with the rules and regulations thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>Depository or Depositories</td><td>NSDL and CDSL.</td></tr><tr><td>DIN</td><td>Director Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>DP ID</td><td>Depository Participant's Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>DP/ Depository Participant</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act.</td></tr><tr><td>DPIIT</td><td>The Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA</td><td>Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization.</td></tr><tr><td>EPS</td><td>Earnings Per Share.</td></tr><tr><td>ESOP</td><td>Employee Stock Option Plan.</td></tr><tr><td>FCNR Account</td><td>Foreign Currency Non Resident Account.</td></tr><tr><td>FDI</td><td>Foreign direct investment.</td></tr><tr><td>FEMA</td><td>Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, including the rules and regulations thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>FEMA Rules</td><td>Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Financial Year, Fiscal, FY/ F.Y.</td><td>Period of twelve months ending on March 31 of that particular year, unless stated otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td>FI</td><td>Financial institutions.</td></tr><tr><td>FPI(s)</td><td>A foreign portfolio investor who has been registered pursuant to the SEBI FPI Regulations.</td></tr></tbody></table>

10