# CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL, INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION

## Certain Conventions

All references in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to “India” are to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions and all references herein to the “Government”, “Indian Government”, “GoI”, “Central Government” or the “State Government” are to the Government of India, central or state, as applicable. All references herein to the “US”, “USA”, the “U.S.” or the “United States” are to the United States of America and its territories and possessions.

## Page Numbers

Unless stated otherwise, all references to page numbers in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to the page numbers of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus

## Financial Data

Our Company’s Financial Year commences on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ends on March 31 of the next year and accordingly, all references to a particular Financial Year or Fiscal are to the 12-month period commencing on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending on March 31 of that particular calendar year. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to a year in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to a calendar year and references to a Fiscal/Financial Year are to the year ended on March 31, of that calendar year.

Unless indicated otherwise or the context requires otherwise, the financial information and financial ratios in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from the Restated Standalone Financial Information. For further information, see “Restated Financial Information” on page 220.

The Restated Financial Information comprising the restated statement of assets and liabilities of our Company as at the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, which is on a standalone basis, the restated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statement of changes in equity and the restated statement of cash flows, for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, Financial Years ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, which are on a standalone basis, and the summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information prepared, in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)” issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time and included in “Restated Financial Information” on page 220.

The Restated Financial Information has been compiled from the (i) audited special purpose Ind AS standalone financial statements of our Company as at and for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 prepared in accordance with Ind AS as prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.

There are significant differences between Ind AS, Indian GAAP, US GAAP and IFRS. Our Company does not provide reconciliation of its financial information to IFRS or US GAAP. Our Company has not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our Company’s financial data. For details in connection with risks involving differences between Ind AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, see “Risk Factors – Risk Factor 73. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus” on page 63. The degree to which the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting policies and practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. Further, any figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be rounded off to other than two decimal points to conform to their respective sources.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts