<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Provident Fund</td><td>Provident Fund for employees managed by the Employee's Provident Fund Organisation in India.</td></tr><tr><td>R&D</td><td>Research and development.</td></tr><tr><td>RBI</td><td>Reserve Bank of India.</td></tr><tr><td>RONW</td><td>Return on net worth.</td></tr><tr><td>Rs. / Rupees/ ₹ / INR</td><td>Indian Rupees.</td></tr><tr><td>RTGS</td><td>Real time gross settlement.</td></tr><tr><td>SCRA</td><td>Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956.</td></tr><tr><td>SCRR</td><td>Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India constituted under the SEBI Act.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Act</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI AIF Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI BTI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Depository Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FPI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FVCI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital Investors) Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI ICDR Master Circular</td><td>SEBI master circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/0154 dated November 11, 2024</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI ICDR Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Insider Trading Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Listing Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI RTA Master Circular</td><td>SEBI master circular bearing number SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI VCF Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Fund) Regulations, 1996 as repealed pursuant to SEBI AIF Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>SGST</td><td>State Goods and Services Tax.</td></tr><tr><td>State Government</td><td>Government of a state of India.</td></tr><tr><td>STT</td><td>Securities Transaction Tax.</td></tr><tr><td>U. S. Securities Act</td><td>United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>US GAAP</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America.</td></tr><tr><td>USA/ U.S. / US</td><td>The United States of America.</td></tr><tr><td>USD / U.S.$</td><td>United States Dollars.</td></tr><tr><td>TAN</td><td>Tax deduction account number</td></tr><tr><td>VAT</td><td>Value added tax.</td></tr><tr><td>VCFs</td><td>Venture capital funds as defined in, and registered with SEBI under, the SEBI VCF Regulations or the SEBI AIF Regulations, as the case may be.</td></tr><tr><td>WACA</td><td>Weighted Average Cost of Acquisition.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Technical and Industry Related Terms or Abbreviations

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>ATUFS</td><td>Amended Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme</td></tr></tbody></table>