<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>of the specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder and includes a bank account maintained by a UPI Bidder linked to a UPI ID, which will be blocked by the SCSB upon acceptance of the UPI Mandate Request in relation to a Bid by a UPI Bidder Bidding through the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bid</td><td>A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bidders</td><td>All Bidders except Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Form</td><td>An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to submit Bids which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Banker(s) to our Company</td><td>Shall mean, Bank of Baroda</td></tr><tr><td>Banker(s) to the Issue</td><td>Collectively, the Escrow Collection Bank(s), Refund Bank(s), Sponsor Bank(s) and Public Issue Account Bank(s), as the case may be.</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment</td><td>Basis on which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Bidders under the Issue, as described in "Issue Procedure" on page 334.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid(s)</td><td>An indication to make an offer during the Bid/ Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date by an Anchor Investor pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The term "Bidding" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Amount</td><td>The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and payable by the Bidder and, in the case of RIIs Bidding at the Cut off Price, the Cap Price multiplied by the number of Equity Shares Bid for by such RIIs and mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and payable by the Bidder or blocked in the ASBA Account of the ASBA Bidders, as the case may be, upon submission of the Bid in the Issue, as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid cum Application Form</td><td>The Anchor Investor Application Form or the ASBA Form, as the context requires.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Lot</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Closing Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being [●], which shall be published in all editions of [●], a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all editions of [●], a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper, and [●] edition of [●] (a widely circulated Gujarati daily newspaper, Gujarati being the regional language of Gujarat, where our Registered Office is located. In case of any revisions, the extended Bid/ Issue Closing Date shall also be notified on the websites and terminals of the members of the Syndicate, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and communicated to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Opening Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids for the Issue, being [●], which shall be published in all editions of [●], a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all editions of [●], a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper, and [●] edition of [●] (a widely circulated Gujarati daily newspaper, Gujarati also being the regional language of Gujarat, where our Registered Office is located.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Period</td><td>Except in relation to Bids by Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. Provided that the Bidding shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor Investors. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company may, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/ Issue Period for a minimum of 1 (one) Working Day, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working Days.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidder</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr></tbody></table>

4