25. No fee on Transfer or Transmission No fee shall be charged for registration of Transfer Transmission probate succession certificate and letters of administration certificate of death or marriage power of attorney or other similar document.

26.1) Company not liable to notice of equitable rights The Company shall incur no liability or responsibility whatsoever in consequence of its registering or giving effect to any Transfer of Shares made or purporting to be made by any apparent legal owner thereof (as shown or appearing in the Register of Members) to the prejudice of persons having or claiming any equitable rights title or interest in the said Shares notwithstanding that the Company may have had notice of such equitable rights referred thereto in any books of the Company and the Company shall not be bound by or required to regard or attend to or give effect to any notice which may be given to it of any equitable rights title or interest or be under any liability whatsoever for refusing or neglecting to do so though it may have been entered or referred to in some book of the Company but the Company shall nevertheless beat liberty to regard and attend to any such notice and give effect thereto if the Board shall so think fit.

27. In case of a One Person Company on the death of the sole member the person nominated by such member shall be the person recognised by the company as having title to all the shares of the member the nominee on becoming entitled to such shares in case of the members death shall be informed of such event by the Board of the company such nominee shall be entitled to the same dividends and other rights and liabilities to which such sole member of the company was entitled or liable on becoming member such nominee shall nominate any other person with the prior written consent of such person who shall in the event of the death of the member become the member of the company.

## FORFEITURE OF SHARES

28. The Board to have right to forfeit Shares If a member fails to pay any call or installment of a call or any other sum or sums on the Shares due and payable by such Member on or before the last day appointed for the payment thereof the Board may at any time thereafter during such time as the call or any part of such call or instalment of sums remain unpaid serve a notice on him or on the person (if any) entitled to Shares by transmission requiring payment of so much of the amount as is unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued thereon.

29. Notice of forfeiture of Shares The notice shall name the place or places on and at which and a further day (not earlier than the expiration of fourteen days from the date of the notice) on or before which the payment required by the notice is to be made. The notice shall detail the amount which is due and payable on the Shares and shall state that in the event of non-payment at or before the time appointed the Shares will be liable to be forfeited.

30. 1) Effect of forfeiture If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with any of the Shares in respect of which such notice has been given may at any time thereafter before payment of all calls or installment interest and expenses or other money due in respect thereof be forfeited by a resolution of the Board to that effect. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends and bonus declared in respect of the forfeited Shares and not actually paid before the forfeiture.
2) Notice to Member after forfeiture of Shares When any Share shall have been so forfeited notice of the forfeiture shall be given to the Member on whose name it stood immediately prior to the forfeiture and any entry of the forfeiture with the date thereof shall forthwith be made in the Register of Members but no forfeiture shall be in any manner invalidated by any omission or neglect to give such notice or to make any such entry as aforesaid.

31.1) Forfeited Share to be the property of the Company A forfeited Share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Board may think fit.

32. 1) Member to be liable even after forfeiture Any Member whose Shares have been forfeited shall notwithstanding the forfeiture be liable to pay and shall forthwith pay to the Company all calls installments interest expenses and other moneys owing upon or in respect of such Shares at the time of the forfeiture together with interest thereon from the time of forfeiture until payment at such rate as the Board may determine and the Board may enforce the payment of the whole or a portion thereof if they think fit but shall not be under any obligation to do so.
2) Claims against the Company to extinguish on forfeiture The forfeiture of a Share involves extinction at the time of the forfeiture of all interest in and all claims and demands against the Company in respect of the Shares and all other rights incidental to the Share except only such of those rights as by these Articles expressly saved.

33.1) Evidence of forfeiture A duly verified declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director or Manager or Secretary of the Company and that a Share in the Company has been duly forfeited in accordance with these Articles on a date stated in the declaration shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Shares.
2) Effecting sale of Shares Upon any sale after forfeiture or for enforcing a lien in purported exercise of the powers hereinafter given the Board may appoint some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold cause the purchasers name to be

315