<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Application Supported by Blocked Amount or ASBA</td><td>An application, whether physical or electronic, used by all applicants to make an application authorizing a SCSB to block the application amount in the ASBA Account maintained with the SCSB. Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated November 10, 2015 and bearing Reference No. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 which shall be applicable for all public issues opening on or after January 01, 2016, all the investors shall apply through ASBA process only.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Account</td><td>A bank account maintained with an SCSB by an ASBA Bidder, as specified in the ASBA Form submitted by ASBA Bidders for blocking the Bid Amount mentioned in the relevant ASBA Form and includes the account of a UPI Bidder which is blocked upon acceptance of a UPI Mandate Request made by the UPI Bidder.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bid</td><td>A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bidders</td><td>All Bidders except Anchor Investors</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Form</td><td>An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders, to submit Bids through the ASBA process, which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Banker(s) to the Issue</td><td>Banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Bankers to an Issue and with whom the Public Issue Account will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment</td><td>The basis on which the Equity Shares will be allotted, described in "Issue Procedure" on page 268 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid(s)</td><td>An indication to make an issue during the Bid/Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bidding Date by an Anchor Investor, pursuant to the submission of a Bid cum Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form. The term "Bidding" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidder or Applicant</td><td>Any investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form, and unless otherwise stated or implied, includes an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Amount</td><td>The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and in the case of RIBs Bidding at the cut-off price, the Cap Price multiplied by the number of Equity Shares Bid for by such Individual Bidder and mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and payable by the Bidder or blocked in the ASBA Account of the Bidder, as the case may be, upon submission of the Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid cum Application Form</td><td>An application form (with and without the use of UPI, as may be applicable), whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders, which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Lot</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Closing Date</td><td>The date on which the Syndicate, the Designated Branches and the Registered Brokers shall not accept the Bids, which shall be notified in All editions of the English national newspaper [●], All editions of the Hindi national newspaper [●], and [●] edition of the Marathi Regional newspaper [●], each with wide circulation, and in case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue closing Date also to be notified on the website and terminals of the Syndicate and SCSBs, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Opening Date</td><td>The date on which the Syndicate, the Designated Branches and the Registered Brokers shall start accepting Bids, which shall be notified in All edition of the English national newspaper [●], All edition of the Hindi national newspaper [●], and [●] edition of the Marathi Regional</td></tr></tbody></table>