ISSUE PROCEDURE

All Bidders should read the General Information Document which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, the SCRR and the SEBI ICDR Regulations which is part of the abridged prospectus accompanying the Bid cum Application Form. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the BRLM. Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document which are applicable to the Issue, especially in relation to the process for Bids by UPI Bidders through the UPI Mechanism. The investors should note that the details and process provided in the General Information Document should be read along with this section.

Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information in relation to (i) category of investors eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum Bid size; (iii) price discovery and allocation; (iv) payment instructions for ASBA Bidders; (v) issuance of Confirmation of Allocation Note ("CAN") and Allotment in the Issue; (vi) general instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Bid cum Application Form); (vii) Designated Date; (viii) disposal of applications; (ix) submission of Bid cum Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint bids in cases of individual, multiple bids and instances when an application would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious applications; (xii) mode of making refunds; (xiii) price discovery and allocation; and (xiv) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 01, 2018 read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 03, 2019, and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface ("UPI") and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 01, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for Individual Bidders applying through Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the process and timeline of T+6 days ("UPI Phase I"). The UPI Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019. Pursuant to its circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 05, 2022, the SEBI has increased the UPI limit from Rs. 2,00,000 to Rs. 5,00,000 for all the individual investors applying in public issues.

With effect from July 01, 2019, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, read with circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 with respect to Bids by UPI Bidders through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), the existing process of physical movement of forms from such Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism for such Bids with timeline of T+6 days was mandated for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later ("UPI Phase II"). Subsequently, however, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, had extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II till further notice. The final reduced timeline of T+3 days for the UPI Mechanism for applications by UPI Bidders ("UPI Phase III"), and modalities of the implementation of UPI Phase III has been notified by SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 and made effective on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 01, 2023 and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 01, 2023.

The Issue will be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures under UPI Phase III, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time. Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances, which came into force with effect from May 01, 2021, except as amended pursuant to the circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 02, 2021, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 09, 2023. The SEBI RTA Master Circular consolidated the aforementioned circulars (excluding SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 09, 2023) and rescinded these circulars to the extent relevant for RTAs. The provisions of these circulars are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings (opening on or after September 01, 2022) shall be processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).

The BRLM shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public issuance process. In terms of regulation 23(4), 23(5) and regulation 271 of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, in SEBI Circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019, the timelines, processes and compensation policy shall