<table><tr><td></td><td>The price per share for determining securities ineligible for minimum promoters' contribution, shall be determined after adjusting the same for corporate actions such as share split, bonus issue, etc. undertaken by the issuer.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>237(1)(c)</td><td>Specified securities allotted to promoters during the preceding one year at a price less than the issue price, against funds brought in by them during that period, in case of an issuer formed by conversion of one or more partnership firms, where the partners of the erstwhile partnership firms are the promoters of the issuer and there is no change in the management: Provided that specified securities, allotted to promoters against capital existing in such firms for a period of more than one year on a continuous basis, shall be eligible</td><td>Our Company has not been formed by the conversion of one or more partnership firms or a limited liability partnership firm.</td></tr><tr><td>237 (1)(d)</td><td>Specified securities pledged with any creditor.</td><td>Our Promoters have not Pledged any shares with any creditors. Accordingly, the minimum Promoter's contribution does not consist of such Equity Shares. Hence Eligible.</td></tr></table>

### Details of Promoters' Contribution Locked-in for One Year and Two Years

In terms of Regulation 238(b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and in compliance with additional eligibility criteria for in principle approval for listing on NSE Emerge Platform in accordance with press release dt 18/12/24 of 208th SEBI Board meeting on "Review of SME framework under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, and applicability of corporate governance provisions under SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 on SME companies", in addition to the Minimum Promoters contribution which is locked in for three years held by the promoters, as specified above, the 50% of pre-issue Equity Shares share capital constituting [●] Equity Shares shall be locked in for a period of one year and remaining 50% of pre-issue Equity Shares share capital constituting [●] Equity Shares shall be locked in for a period of two years from the date of allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue.

### Lock in of Equity Shares held by Persons other than the Promoter locked-in for One Year:

In terms of Regulation 239 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, in addition to the Minimum Promoters contribution as per regulation 238(a) and 238(b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the entire pre-issue equity share capital held by persons other than the promoters shall be locked in for a period of one year from the date of allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue. In terms of Regulation 241 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Equity Shares which are subject to lock-in shall carry inscription 'non-transferable' along with the duration of specified non-transferable period mentioned in the face of the security certificate. The shares which are in dematerialized form, if any, shall be locked in by the respective depositories. The details of lock-in of the Equity Shares shall also be provided to the Designated Stock Exchange before the listing of the Equity Shares.

### Lock-in of the Equity Shares to be Allotted, if any, to the Anchor Investors

Fifty percent of the Equity Shares allotted to Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked-in for a period of 90 days from the date of Allotment and the remaining Equity Shares allotted to Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked-in for a period of 30 days from the date of Allotment.

### Inscription or recording of non-transferability

In terms of Regulation 241 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company confirms that certificates of Equity Shares which are subject to lock in shall contain the inscription "Non-Transferable" and specify the lock - in period and in case such equity shares are dematerialized, the Company shall ensure that the lock - in is recorded by the Depository.

### Pledge of Locked in Equity Shares:

In terms of Regulation 242 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 the locked in Equity Shares held by the Promoters, as specified above, can be pledged with any scheduled commercial bank or public financial institution or a systemically important non-banking finance company or a housing finance company as collateral security for loan granted by such bank or institution provided that the pledge of Equity Shares is one of the terms of the sanction of the loan. Provided that securities locked in as minimum promoter contribution may be pledged only if, in addition to fulfilling the above requirements, the loan has been granted by such bank or