1. Every holder of Shares in or holder of Debentures of the Company may at any time nominate in the prescribed manner a person to whom his Shares in or Debentures of the Company shall vest in the event of his death.

a) Where the Shares in or Debentures of the Company are held by more than one person jointly the joint-holders may together nominate in the prescribed manner a person to whom all the rights in the Shares or Debentures of the Company shall vest in the event of death of all the joint-holders.

b) Notwithstanding anything contained in any other law for the time being in force or in any disposition whether testamentary or otherwise in respect of such Shares in or Debentures of the Company where a nomination made in the prescribed manner purports to confer on any person the right to vest the Shares in or Debentures of the Company the nominee shall on the death of Shareholder or holder of Debentures of the Company or as the case may be on the death of the joint-holders become entitled to all the rights in the Shares or Debentures of the Company or as the case may be all the joint-holders in relation to such Shares in or Debentures of the Company to the exclusion of all the other Persons unless the nomination is varied or cancelled in the prescribed manner.

c) Where the nominee is a minor it shall be lawful for the holder of the Shares or Debentures to make the nomination and to appoint in the prescribed manner any person to become entitled to Shares in or Debentures of the Company in the event of his death during the minority.

d) Any person who become a nominee by virtue of the provisions of Section 72 of the Act upon the production of such evidence as may be required by the Board and subject as hereinafter provided elect either i. To be registered himself as holder of the Share or Debenture as the case may be or ii. To make such Transfer of the Share or Debenture as the deceased Shareholder or Debenture holder as the case maybe could have made.

e) If the person being a nominee so becoming entitled elects to be registered as holder of the Share or Debenture himself as the case may be he shall deliver or send to the Company notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects and such notice shall be accompanied with the death certificate of the deceased shareholder or debenture holder as the case may be.

f) All the limitations restrictions and provisions of this Act relating to the right to Transfer and registration of Transfers of Shares or Debentures shall be applicable to any such notice or Transfer as aforesaid as if the death of the Member had not occurred and the notice or Transfer were signed by that shareholder or debenture holder as the case may be.

g) A person being a nominee becoming entitled to a Share or Debenture by reason of the death of the holder shall be entitled to the same Dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered holder of the Shares or Debenture except that he shall not before registering a Member in respect of his Share or Debenture be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to the meetings of the Company. Provided that the Board may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to Transfer the Share or Debenture and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share or Debentures until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

h) A depositor may in terms of Sections 73 and 76 of the Act at any time make a nomination and the above provision shall as far as may be apply to the nomination made under the sub- section.

2. Copies of Memorandum and Articles to be sent to Members Copies of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and other documents referred to in Section 17 of the Act shall be sent by the Company to every Member at their request within seven days of the request on payment of such sum as may be prescribed.

## II. DEBENTURE

1. Term of Issue of Debenture Any Debentures debenture stock or other securities may be issued at a discount premium or otherwise and may be issued on condition that they shall be convertible into Shares of any denomination and with any privileges and conditions as to redemption surrender drawing allotment of Share and attending (but not voting) at General Meeting appointment of Directors and otherwise. Debentures with the right to conversion into Shares shall be issued only with the consent of the Company in General Meeting accorded by a special resolution.

2. Assignment of Debentures Such Debentures debenture-stock bonds or other securities may be assignable free from any equities between the Company and the person to whom the same may be issued.

3. Debenture Directors Any Trust Deed for securing Debentures or Debenture-stock may if so arranged provide for the appointment from time to time by the trustee thereof or by the holders of Debentures or debenture stock of some person to be a Director of the Company and may empower such trustee or holders of Debentures or Debenture-stock from time to time to remove any Directors so appointed. A Director appointed under this Article is herein referred to as a Debenture Director and the Debenture Director shall mean a Director for the time being in office under this Article. A Debenture Director shall not be bound to hold any qualification Shares shall not be liable to retire by rotation or be removed by the Company. The Trust Deed may contain such ancillary provisions as may be arranged between the Company and the Trustees and all such provisions shall have effect notwithstanding any of the other provisions herein contained.