67. 1) Meetings of the Board a. The Board of Directors shall hold at least four meetings every year in such a manner that not more than 120 days shall intervene between two consecutive meetings of the Board. b. The Managing Director may at any time summon a meeting of the Board and the Managing Director or a Secretary or a person authorised in this behalf on the requisition of Director shall at any time summon a meeting of the Board. Notice in writing of every meeting of the Board shall be given to every Director for the time being in India and at his usual address in India to every other Director.
2) Quorum The quorum for a meeting of the Board shall be one-third of its total strength (any fraction contained in that one third being rounded off as one) or two Directors whichever is higher and participation of the Directors by videoconferencing or audio visual shall also be counted for the purpose of quorum. Provided that where at any time the number of interested Directors is equal to or exceeds two-thirds of total strength the number of remaining Directors that is to say the number of Directors who are not interested present at the meeting being not less than two shall be the quorum during such time. The total strength of the Board shall mean the number of Directors actually holding office as Directors on the date of the resolution or meeting that is to say the total strength of Board after deducting there from the number of directors if any whose places are vacant at the time.

68. 1) Decisions of the Board a. Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act a meeting of the Board for the time being at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise all or any of the authorities powers and discretions by or under the Regulations of the Company for the time being vested in or exercisable by the Directors generally and all questions arising at any meeting of the Board shall be decided by a majority of the Board. In case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall have casting vote in addition to his vote as a Director.

69. The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board but if and so long as their number is reduced below the quorum fixed by the Act for a meeting of the Board the continuing directors or director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of directors to that fixed for the quorum or of summoning a general meeting of the company but for no other purpose.

70. The Board may elect a Chairperson of its meetings and determine the period for which he is to hold office. If no such Chairperson is elected or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting the directors present may choose one of their number to be Chairperson of the meeting.

71. The Board may subject to the provisions of the Act delegate any of its powers to committees consisting of such member or members of its body as it thinks fit. Any committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Board.

72. 1) Election of Chairperson of Committee a. If the Chairperson of the Board is a Member of the Committee he shall preside over all meetings of the Committee if the Chairperson is not a Member thereof the Committee may elect a Chairperson of its meeting. If no such Chairperson is elected or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting the Members present may choose one among themselves to be the Chairperson of the Meeting. The quorum of a Committee may be fixed by the Board of Directors.

73. 1) Decisions at the Committee meetings a. A Committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. b. Questions arising at any meeting of a Committee shall be determined by the sole Member of the Committee or by a majority of votes as the Members present as the case may be and in case of an equality of vote the Chairperson shall have a casting vote in addition to his vote as a Member of the Committee.

74. All acts done in any meeting of the Board or of a committee thereof or by any person acting as a director shall notwithstanding that it may be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any one or more of such directors or of any person acting as aforesaid or that they or any of them were disqualified be as valid as if every such director or such person had been duly appointed and was qualified to be a director.

75. 1) The Members of the Board or any Committee of the Board may participate in any Board Meeting or Committee Meeting by means of audio-visual or video-conference facilities or any other modern communication equipment by means of which all Persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time and participation by such means subject to the provisions of the Act shall constitute presence in person at such meeting and hence shall also count for the purpose of quorum.
2) Resolution by Circulation Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act a resolution in writing circulated in draft together with the necessary papers if any to all the Directors or to all the Members of the Committee then in India not being less in number than the quorum fixed of the meeting of the Board or the Committee as the case maybe and to all other Directors or Members at their usual address in India and approved by such of the Directors as are then in India or by a majority of such of them as are entitled to vote at the resolution shall be valid and effectual as it had been a resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Board or Committee duly convened and held.