against certain economic reforms, which have occurred in the past, could slow the pace of liberalization and deregulation. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange rates and other matters affecting investment in India could change as well.

Additionally, the Government of India has introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, the implementation of such laws could increase our employee and labour costs, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business and financial performance.

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. For instance, companies can voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability.

Further, the GoI has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2024, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2023 (“Finance Bill”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 31, 2023, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2023. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2023 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or the sale of shares could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

There can be no assurance that the GoI will not implement new regulations and policies requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the GoI or other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment or change to governing laws, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent in the jurisdictions in which we operate may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. It may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which could materially harm our results of operations or cash flows. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities.

We are unable to determine the impact of any changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of, new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. If that was to occur it could result in us, our business, operations or group structure being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.

## 84. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources.

We are currently not a publicly listed company and, therefore, have not historically been subject to the heightened scrutiny and disclosure requirements applicable to listed companies. Upon listing, we will be required to comply with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, and other applicable laws. This will significantly increase our legal, accounting, compliance, corporate governance, and other costs. We will be required to file audited annual financial statements, unaudited quarterly results, and various other disclosures relating to our business and financial condition.

Any delay in preparing or filing such disclosures may result in non-compliance with regulatory requirements, which could adversely affect investor confidence and the trading of our Equity Shares. In addition, we will be required to strengthen our internal controls, disclosure procedures, and record-keeping systems, which will demand significant resources and management attention. This may divert management's focus from core business operations and impact overall performance.

Separately, to finance our future growth and expansion, we may issue additional Equity Shares, convertible securities, or equity-linked instruments, including pursuant to employee stock option schemes. Any such issuance could dilute the shareholding of existing investors. Further, sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter or other significant shareholders could adversely impact the