# MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with our restated financial statements attached in the chapter titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on page 215. You should also read the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 32 and the section titled "Forward Looking Statements" on page 22 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, which discusses several factors, risks and contingencies that could affect our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion relates to us, and, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, is based on our Restated Financial Statements.

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, the Companies Act and the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and restated as described in the report of our auditors dated May 29, 2025 which is included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus under the section titled "Restated Standalone Financial Statement" and dated September 17, 2025 which is included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus under the section titled "Restated Consolidated Financial Statement" beginning on page 215. The restated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that differs in certain material respects from generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including US GAAP and IFRS. Accordingly, the degree to which our Restated Financial Information will provide meaningful information to a prospective investor in countries other than India is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Ind AS. Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year, and all references to a particular financial year are to the twelve-month period ended March 31 of that year.

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Striders Impex Limited is engaged in the business of licensing, own brand development, and distribution of toys and kids' consumer merchandise. The Company offers end-to-end solutions from product design and development to sourcing and distribution, catering to leading retail formats across India and select international markets.

In addition to licensed products, the Company has created and developed a portfolio of proprietary intellectual properties (IPs), including Pugs at Play, Furry Pals, Gurliez, Fanster, Beezy Kits, Minds at Play, SHDZ, Boujee, and Striders. These IPs are strategically designed based on market research and consumer insights, enabling the Company to build brand equity, improve margins, and diversify its product mix. Through an asset-light, scalable model and an expanding global footprint, Striders Impex aims to position itself as a key player in the toy and merchandise ecosystem.

The Company caters to a wide demographic, offering products suitable for children from 18 months up to 15 years of age. Through strong licensing arrangements, Striders Impex has access to multiple well-known international brands. These licensing partnerships enable the Company to design, manufacture through third parties and distribute products that feature popular characters and themes, thereby increasing market acceptance and consumer recall.

In addition to its operations in India, the Company has a business presence in the Middle East via Striders FZ LLC its wholly owned subsidiary company, through a network of distributors that supports its international distribution network and strengthens global distribution and client relationships. This global footprint has enabled the Company to scale its capabilities and cater to large-format retailers and trading partners across multiple regions.

The Company's business operations are designed to offer integrated solutions from concept and product design to sourcing, manufacturing, and delivery, ensuring a reliable and efficient supply chain for its partners. This end-to-end capability has made Striders Impex a preferred supplier for licensed merchandise and custom-developed toys across retail formats.

With a growing product range, expanding international presence, and focus on licensed intellectual properties, Striders Impex Limited aims to further enhance its market share and establish itself as a leading player in the toy and kids merchandise segment, both in India and overseas.

## Financial Key Performance Indicators of our Company

The financial performance of the company for the last three years as per restated financial Statement:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">S.no.</th><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Consolidated</th><th colspan="3">Standalone</th></tr><tr><th>FY 2024-25</th><th>FY 2024-25</th><th>FY 2023-24</th><th>FY 2022-23</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Revenue from Operations (₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>6,186.51</td><td>6,073.11</td><td>4,170.48</td><td>2,996.42</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Growth in Revenue from Operations (%)</td><td>NA*</td><td>45.62%</td><td>39.18%</td><td>1,408.75%</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>EBITDA (₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>932.17</td><td>890.31</td><td>531.38</td><td>309.12</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>EBITDA Margin (%)</td><td>15.07%</td><td>14.66%</td><td>12.74%</td><td>10.32%</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>EBIT (₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>908.89</td><td>867.04</td><td>513.80</td><td>306.45</td></tr></tbody></table>