<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Depository Participant / DP</td><td>A Depository Participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated CDP Locations</td><td>Such centres of the CDPs where Bidders can submit the Bid cum Application Forms. The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept Bid cum Application Forms are available on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.nseindia.com) and updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Date</td><td>The date on which the Escrow Collection Bank(s) transfer funds from the Escrow Account(s) to the Public Issue Account(s) or the Refund Account(s), as the case may be, and/or the instructions are issued to the SCSBs (in case of UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism, instruction issued through the Sponsor Bank) for the transfer of amounts blocked by the SCSBs in the ASBA Accounts to the Public Issue Account(s) or the Refund Account(s), as the case may be, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus after finalization of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, following which Equity Shares will be Allotted in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Intermediaries/ Collecting Agent</td><td>An SCSB's with whom the bank account to be blocked, is maintained, a syndicate member (or sub-syndicate member), a Stockbroker registered with recognized Stock Exchange, a Depositary Participant, a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (RTA) (whose names is mentioned on website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity).</td></tr><tr><td>Designated CDP Locations</td><td>Such locations of the CDPs where Applicant can submit the Application Forms to Collecting Depository Participants. The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept Application Forms are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. www.nseindia.com.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated RTA Locations</td><td>Such locations of the RTAs where Applicant can submit the Application Forms to RTAs. The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Application Forms are available on the website of the Stock Exchange i.e. www.nseindia.com.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated SCSB Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms (other than ASBA Forms submitted by RIIs where the Application Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such RII using the UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at Intermediaries [www.sebi.gov.in] or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (SME Platform of NSE i.e. NSE EMERGE).</td></tr><tr><td>DP</td><td>Depository Participant</td></tr><tr><td>DP ID</td><td>Depository Participant's Identity.</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus or DRHP</td><td>This draft red herring prospectus dated September 29, 2025, filed with Stock Exchange and issued in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which does not contain complete particulars of the Issue, including the price at which the Equity Shares are issued and the size of the Issue, and includes any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI(s)</td><td>A Non-Resident Indian in a jurisdiction outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe for the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible QFIs</td><td>QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Draft Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity Shares issued thereby and accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary participants.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>Equity Shares of our Company of face value ₹ 10 each.</td></tr></tbody></table>

7