<table><tr><td>SEBI AIF Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternate Investments Funds) Regulations, 2012, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FII Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FPI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FVCI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Regulations/ SEBI ICDR Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI SBEB Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI VCF Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Sec.</td><td>Section</td></tr><tr><td>SEO</td><td>Search Engine Optimization</td></tr><tr><td>SICA</td><td>Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985.</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Small and Medium Enterprises</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Small and Medium Enterprises</td></tr><tr><td>SPV</td><td>Special Purpose Vehicle</td></tr><tr><td>STEM</td><td>Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics</td></tr><tr><td>Stock Exchange</td><td>Unless the context requires otherwise, refers to, National Stock Exchange of India Limited (SME Segment).</td></tr><tr><td>STT</td><td>Securities Transaction Tax</td></tr><tr><td>Sub-Account</td><td>Sub-accounts registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investor) Regulations, 1995, other than sub-accounts which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals.</td></tr><tr><td>TAN</td><td>Tax Deduction Account Number</td></tr><tr><td>TIN</td><td>Taxpayers Identification Number</td></tr><tr><td>TRS</td><td>Transaction Registration Slip</td></tr><tr><td>US</td><td>United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>US/United States</td><td>United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>USD/ US$/ $</td><td>United States Dollar, the official currency of the United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>VC</td><td>Venture Capital</td></tr><tr><td>VCF / Venture Capital Fund</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.</td></tr><tr><td>VR</td><td>Virtual Reality</td></tr><tr><td>w.e.f.</td><td>With effect from</td></tr><tr><td>Water Act, 1974</td><td>Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974</td></tr><tr><td>WEO</td><td>World Economic Outlook</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter</td><td>Wilful Defaulter as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>YoY</td><td>Year over Year</td></tr><tr><td>-, ()</td><td>Represent outflow</td></tr></table>

18