continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and Book Running Lead Manager shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process.

Our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager do not accept any responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information stated in this chapter and is not liable for any amendment, modification or change in the applicable law which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that their Bids are submitted in accordance with applicable laws and do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or as specified in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Further, our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager are not liable for any adverse occurrence's consequent to the implementation of the UPI Mechanism for Bid in this Issue.

## BOOK BUILDING PROCEDURE:

This Issue is being made in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, through the Book Building Process in accordance with Regulation 253 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations wherein not more than 50% of the Issue shall be allocated on a proportionate basis to QIBs, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, 5% of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds, and spill-over from the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders, wherein 1/3rd of the NII portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than Rs. 10 lakhs and 2/3rd of the NII portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than Rs. 10 lakhs and not less than 35% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

Under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange subject to receipt of valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price. Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion, would not be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories.

The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialized segment of the Stock Exchange.

Investors should note that the Equity Shares will be allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialized form. The Bid cum Application Forms which do not have the details of the Bidders' depository account, including DP ID, Client ID, the PAN and UPI ID, for Individual Investors Bidding in the Individual Investor's Portion using the UPI Mechanism, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they may get their Equity Shares rematerialized subsequent to allotment of the Equity Shares in the Issue, subject to applicable laws.

## AVAILABILITY OF RED HERRING PROSPECTUS AND APPLICATION FORMS

The Memorandum containing the salient features of the Red Herring Prospectus together with the Application Forms and copies of the Red Herring Prospectus may be obtained from the Registered Office of our Company, from the Registered Office of the Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, Registrar to the Issue as mentioned in the Application form. The application forms may also be downloaded from the website of National Stock Exchange of India Limited i.e., www.nseindia.com. Applicants shall only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an Application in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. All the applicants shall have to apply only through the ASBA process. ASBA Applicants shall submit an Application Form either in physical or electronic form to the SCSBs authorizing blocking of funds that are available in the bank account specified in the Application Form. Applicants shall only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an Application in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The Application Form shall contain space for indicating number of specified securities subscribed for in demat form.

## Phased implementation of Unified Payments Interface

SEBI has issued UPI Circulars in relation to streamlining the process of public issue of, among others, equity shares. Pursuant to the SEBI UPI Circulars, UPI has been introduced in a phased manner as a payment mechanism (in addition to mechanism of blocking funds in the account maintained with SCSBs under ASBA) for Bids by UPI Bidders through designated intermediaries with the objective to reduce the time duration from public issue closure to listing from six Working Days to up to three Working