bidding system of stock exchange(s) and shall submit/deliver the Bid Cum Application Forms to respective SCSBs where the Bidders has a bank account and shall not submit it to any non-SCSB Bank.

Further, for applications submitted to designated intermediaries (other than SCSBs), with use of UPI for payment, after accepting the Bid Cum Application Form, respective intermediary shall capture and upload the relevant application details, including UPI ID, in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange(s).

Bidders shall only use the specified Bid Cum Application Form for making an Application in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

The Bid Cum Application Form shall contain information about the Bidder and the price and the number of Equity Shares that the Bidders wish to apply for. Bid Cum Application Forms downloaded and printed from the websites of the Stock Exchange shall bear a system generated unique application number. Bidders are required to ensure that the ASBA Account has sufficient credit balance as an amount equivalent to the full Application Amount can be blocked by the SCSB or Sponsor Bank at the time of submitting the Application.

An Investor, intending to subscribe to this Issue, shall submit a completed Bid Cum Application Form to any of the following intermediaries (Collectively called – Designated Intermediaries")

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Designated Intermediaries</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>An SCSB, with whom the bank account to be blocked, is maintained</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>A syndicate member (or sub-syndicate member)</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>A stockbroker registered with a recognized stock exchange (and whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity) ('broker')</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>A depository participant ('DP') (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity)</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>A registrar to an Issue and share transfer agent ('RTA') (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity)</td></tr></tbody></table>

Individual investors submitting application with any of the entities at (2) to (5) above (hereinafter referred as "Intermediaries"), and intending to use UPI, shall also enter their UPI ID in the Bid Cum Application Form.

The aforesaid intermediary shall, at the time of receipt of application, give an acknowledgement to investor, by giving the counter foil or specifying the application number to the investor, as a proof of having accepted the Bid Cum Application Form, in physical or electronic mode, respectively.

The upload of the details in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange will be done by:

<table><tr><td>For Applications submitted by Investors to SCSB:</td><td>After accepting the form, SCSB shall capture and upload the relevant details in the electronic bidding system as specified by the stock exchange and may begin blocking funds available in the bank account specified in the form, to the extent of the application money specified.</td></tr><tr><td>For applications submitted by investors to intermediaries other than SCSBs:</td><td>After accepting the Bid Cum Application Form, respective Intermediary shall capture and upload the relevant details in the electronic bidding system of the stock exchange. Post uploading, they shall forward a schedule as per prescribed format along with the Bid Cum Application Forms to designated branches of the respective SCSBs for blocking of funds within one day of closure of Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>For applications submitted by investors to intermediaries other than SCSBs with use of UPI for payment:</td><td>After accepting the Bid Cum Application Form, respective intermediary shall capture and upload the relevant application details, including UPI ID, in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange. Stock exchange shall share application details including the UPI ID with sponsor bank on a continuous basis, to enable sponsor bank to initiate mandate request on investors for blocking of funds. Sponsor bank shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to investor. Investor to accept mandate request for blocking of funds, on his/ her mobile application, associated with UPI ID linked bank account.</td></tr></table>