2) Calls to carry Interest If a member fails to pay any call due from him on the day appointed for payment thereof or any such extension thereof as aforesaid he shall be liable to pay interest on the same from the day appointed for the payment thereof to the time of actual payment at 10 per annum or such lower rate as shall from time to time be fixed by the Board but nothing in this Article shall render it obligatory for the Board to demand or recover any interest from any such member.

17. 1) Dues deemed to be calls Any sum which as per the terms of issue of a Share becomes payable on allotment or at a fixed date whether on account of the nominal value of the Share or by way of premium shall for the purposes of these Articles be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date on which by the terms of issue the same may become payable and in case of non-payment all the relevant provisions of these Articles as to payment of interest and expenses forfeiture or otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.
2) Partial payment not to preclude forfeiture Neither a judgment nor a decree in favour of the Company for calls or other moneys due in respect of any Shares nor any part-payment or satisfaction thereof nor the receipt by the Company of a portion of any money which shall from time to time be due from any Member in respect of any Shares either by way of principal or interest nor any indulgence granted by the Company in respect of payment of such money shall preclude the forfeiture of such Shares as herein provided.

3) Proof of dues in respect of Share At the trial or hearing of any action or suit brought by the Company against any Member or his representatives for the recovery of any money claimed to be due to the Company in respect of his Share it shall be sufficient to prove that the name of the Member in respect of whose Shares the money is sought to be recovered appears entered on the Register of Members as the holder at or subsequently to the date at which the money sought to be recovered is alleged to have become due on the Shares in respect of which such money is sought to be recovered that the resolution making the call is duly recorded in the Minute Book and that notice of such call was duly given to the Member or his representatives so sued in pursuance of these Articles and it shall not be necessary to prove the appointment of the Directors who made such call nor that a quorum of Directors was present at the Board at which any call was made nor that the meeting at which any call was made was duly convened or constituted nor any other matters whatsoever but the proof of the matters aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence of the debt.

18. 1) Payment in anticipation of call may carry interest The Directors may if they think fit subject to the provisions of Section 50 of the Act agree to and receive from any Member willing to advance the same whole or any part of the moneys due upon the Shares held by him beyond the sums actually called for and upon the amount so paid or satisfied in advance or so much thereof as from time to time exceeds the amount of the calls then made upon the Shares in respect of which such advance has been made the Company may pay interest at such rate not exceeding 12 per annum unless the company in the General Meeting shall otherwise decide as the Member paying such sum in advance and the Directors agree upon provided that money paid in advance of calls shall not confer a right to participate in profits or Dividend. The Directors may at any time repay the amount so advanced. The Members shall not be entitled to any voting rights in respect of the moneys so paid by him until the same would but for such payment become presently payable.

2) The provisions of these Articles shall mutatis mutandis apply to the calls on Debentures of the Company.

## TRANSFER OF SHARES

19. 1) The instrument of transfer of any share in the company shall be executed by or on behalf of both the transferor and transferee. The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share until the name of the transferee is entered in the register of members in respect thereof.

2) Directors may refuse to register Transfer The Board may subject to the right of appeal conferred by Section 58 of the Act decline to register-

a. the transfer of a share not being a fully paid share to a person of whom they do not approve or b. any transfer of shares on which the Company has a lien. The Board may decline to recognise any instrument of transfer unless-

a. the instrument of transfer is accompanied by the certificate of the shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer and

c. the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares. On giving not less than seven days previous notice in accordance with Section 91 of the Act and Rules made there under the registration

of transfers may be suspended at such times and for such periods as the Board may from time to time determine. Provided that such registration shall not be suspended for more than thirty days at one time or for more than forty-five days in the aggregate in any year.