such as market conditions, regulatory restrictions, interest rates, credit availability, investor perception, and our own financial performance.

If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on acceptable terms, we may be forced to scale down or delay our business expansion plans, or forego strategic opportunities, which could adversely affect our competitiveness, growth prospects and financial condition.

Further, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible securities, it may result in dilution of the shareholding of our existing shareholders. If we raise funds through debt, we may be subject to restrictive covenants and increased debt servicing obligations, which could limit our operational flexibility and impact our profitability.

**66. Any variation in the utilization of Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders' approval.**

We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds as stated under "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 104. However, our funding requirements and the deployment of Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised. As per section 27 of the Companies Act, the objects of utilization of the Net Proceeds from the fresh issue as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus can only be varied after obtaining the shareholders' approval vide a special resolution. In the event, our Company wishes to vary the objects for which the net proceeds from the fresh issue are required to be varied, our Company may not be able to obtain the shareholders' approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders' approval may adversely affect our business or operations. Therefore, we may not be able to undertake variation of Objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition, and thus, adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, our Promoter would be required to provide an exit opportunity to shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Issue or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI.

Additionally, the requirement on Promoter to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter our Promoter from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of Objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company's ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

**67. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds.**

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds of the Issue as set forth in "Objects of the Issue-Details of Utilization of Net Proceeds" beginning on page 104. The funding requirements mentioned as a part of the Objects of the Issue are based on internal management estimates, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, business initiatives, other financial conditions or business strategies. However, the deployment of Net Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations if the issue size is more than Rs. 5000 lakhs. We intend to deploy the Net Proceeds by the end of the FY 2025-2026, but may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Issue will need to rely upon our management's judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment

**68. The deployment of funds raised through this Issue shall not be subject to any Monitoring Agency and shall be purely dependent on the discretion of the management of our Company.**

As per SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended, appointment of monitoring agency is required only for Issue size above ₹ 5,000.00 Lakhs. Hence, we have not appointed any monitoring agency to monitor the utilization of Issue proceeds and our company will have full discretion in respect of issue proceeds. However, audit committee will monitor the utilization of the proceeds of this Issue and prepare the statement for utilization of the proceeds of this Issue and as per regulation 262(5) of SEBI ICDR regulations