The Code does not affect any special or local laws nor does it supersede any special jurisdiction or power conferred or any special form of procedure prescribed by or under any other law for the time being in force. The Code is the general law so that in case of conflict between the Code and the special law the latter prevails over the former. Where the special law is silent on a particular matter the Code applies, but consistent with the special enactment.

**Code of Criminal Procedure Code, 1973**

It is the main legislation on procedure for administration of substantive criminal law in India. It was enacted in 1973 and came into force on 1st April, 1974. It provides the machinery for the investigation of crime, apprehension of suspected criminals, collection of evidence, determination of guilt or innocence of the accused person and the determination of punishment of the guilty.

Criminal law occupies a pre-dominant place among the agencies of social control and is regarded as a formidable weapon that society has forged to protect itself against anti-social behaviour. The law of criminal procedure is meant to be complimentary to criminal law. It is intended to provide a mechanism for the enforcement of criminal law. The Code of Criminal Procedure creates the necessary machinery for apprehending the criminals, investigating the criminal cases, their trials before the criminal courts and imposition of proper punishment on the guilty person. The Code enumerates the hierarchy of criminal courts in which different offences can be tried and then it spells out the limits of sentences which such Courts are authorized to pass.

The law of criminal procedure is intended to provide a mechanism for the enforcement of criminal law. Without the proper procedural law the substantive criminal law which defines offences and provides punishment for them would be almost worthless.

**Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita, 2023**

This act supersedes the Indian Penal Code, 1860, this comprehensive legal framework addresses various facets of criminal law, including offenses, penalties, defenses, and procedural guidelines. The Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita Act largely retains provisions from the Indian Penal Code, 1860, but also introduced new offences including but not limited to cybercrimes, environmental violations, and removed invalidated offences that were earlier there, and enhances penalties for certain offences. Notably, community service replaced the sedition as a form of punishment and terrorism is also explicitly recognizes as an offence. The Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita Act streamlines legal procedures, ensuring faster trials and emphasizes on witness protection and evidence collection.

**Bhartiya Nagrik Suraksha Sanhita Act, 2023**

This act superseded the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, and became the main legislation on procedure for administration of substantive criminal law in India, this act received assent from the president of India on December 25, 2023 and came into effect from July 01, 2024. The Bhartiya Nagrik Suraksha Sanhita Act, introduces specific timelines for investigation and trial, ensures timely FIR registration for complaints submitted through electronic communication, mandates forwarding medical examination reports of rape victims within seven days, and empowers courts to conduct trial in absentia against proclaimed offenders. Additionally, the Act emphasizes prompt judgment pronouncement and requires audio-video recording of search and seizure during investigations. Notably, proceeds of crime can be attached by the court and distributed among victims. The Bhartiya Nagrik Suraksha Sanhita Act aims to expedite proceedings and enhance transparency in the criminal justice system.

**Bhartiya Sakshya Adhiniyam Act, 2023**

This act superseded the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, this act modernizes evidence handling within the Indian legal system, addressing digital evidence and other contemporary issues. This act focuses on procedural aspect of law, governing how rights may be enforced before a court of law. This act introduces changes related to electronic evidence definitions and admissibility procedures. This act received presidential assent on December 25, 2023 and came into effect from July 01, 2024, this act has omitted certain terms which were earlier present in the Indian Evidence Act and the major change was to include electronic evidence as part of the definition of documentary records and also included the possibility of giving oral evidence electronically.

**The Indian Contract Act, 1872**

The Indian Contract Act, 1872 ("Contract Act") codifies the way in which a contract is entered, executed and implemented and implications of breach of a contract. The Contract Act consists of limiting factors subject to which contract may be entered into, executed and breach enforced, as amended from time to time. It determines the circumstances in which promise made by the parties to a contract shall be legally binding on them. Each contract creates some rights and duties upon the contracting parties. The Contract Act deals with the enforcement of these rights and duties upon the parties. The Contract Act also lays down provisions of indemnity, guarantee, bailment and agency. Provisions relating to sale of goods and partnership which were originally in the Act are now subject matter of separate enactments viz., the sale of goods act, 1930 and the Indian Partnership