<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Electronic Transfer of Funds</td><td>Refunds through ECS, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account(s) opened with the Escrow Collection Bank(s) and in whose favour Anchor Investors will transfer money through direct credit/ NEFT/ RTGS/NACH in respect of Bid Amounts when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank(s)</td><td>The banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an issue under the BTI Regulations, and with whom the Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>First Bidder</td><td>The Bidder whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, i.e., ₹ [•] subject to any revision(s) thereto, at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalized and below which no Bids, will be accepted and which shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>FII/ Foreign Institutional Investors</td><td>Foreign Institutional Investor (as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue</td><td>Fresh issue of up to 52,00,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [•] lakhs to be issued by company pursuant to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>First/ Sole Applicant</td><td>The Applicant whose name appears first in the Application Form or Revision Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>FPI / Foreign Portfolio Investor</td><td>A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, provided that any FII or QFI who holds a valid certificate of registration shall be deemed to be a foreign portfolio investor till the expiry of the block of three years for which fees have been paid.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive Economic Offender</td><td>An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Venture Capital Fund</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document/GID</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in accordance with the circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 and the circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, as amended by SEBI from time to time and the UPI Circulars. The General Information Document shall be available on the website of the Stock Exchange and Book Running Lead Manager.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>The total Issue Proceeds to be raised pursuant to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investors/ Individual Bidders</td><td>Minimum application size shall be two lots per application, such that the minimum application size shall be above ₹ 2 lakhs. (including HUFs applying through their Karta) and Eligible NRI.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Portion</td><td>The portion of the Net Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue / Public Issue / Issue size/ Initial Public Issue / Initial Public Issue/ Initial Public Issuing / IPO</td><td>The issuance of up to 52,00,000 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each ("equity shares") of the Company for cash at a price of ₹ [•] per equity share (including a share premium of ₹ [•] per equity share) ("issue price") aggregating up to ₹ [•] lakhs comprising a fresh issue of up to 46,90,000 equity shares aggregating up to ₹ [•] lakhs by our company ("fresh</td></tr></tbody></table>

8