## Migration to Main Board

The Company may migrate its specified securities from SME Platform of NSE to Main Board of the NSE pursuant to Regulation 277 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation and subject to fulfilment of eligibility criteria for listing laid down by NSE from time to time. The SEBI vide Circular Nos. CIR/MRD/DSA/17/2010 dated May 18, 2010 has stipulated the requirements for migration from SME platform to Main Board. The migration policy of NSE was intimated vide circular Download Ref. No.: NSE/SME/26110 dated March 10, 2014, which was revised vide circular Download Ref. No. NSE/SME/37551 dated April 18, 2018, NSE/SME/47077 dated January 21, 2021 and NSE/SME/56427 dated April 20, 2023. The NSE has further reviewed the existing eligibility criteria and revised the migration policy from SME Platform of NSE-to-NSE Main Board vide circular Download Ref. No.: NSE/CML/67671 dated April 24, 2025 which is effective from May 01, 2025. The revised Migration Policy is provided herein below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Parameter</td><td>Migration policy from NSE SME Platform to NSE Main Board</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Paid up capital and market capitalization</td><td>Paid-up equity capital is not less than INR 10 crores and Average capitalisation shall not be less than INR 100 crores. For this purpose, capitalisation will be the product of the Price (average of the weekly high and low of the closing prices of the related shares quoted on the stock exchange for 3 months preceding the application date) and the post issue number of equity shares.</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Revenue from Operation and EBITDA</td><td>The revenue from operations should be greater than INR 100 Cr in the last financial year. and should have positive operating profit from operations for at least 2 out 3 financial years.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Listing Period</td><td>The applicant should have been listed on SME platform of the Exchange for at least 3 years.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Public Shareholders</td><td>The total number of public shareholders should be at least 500 on the date of application.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Promoter & Promoter Group holding.</td><td>Promoter and Promoter Group shall be holding at least 20% of the Company at the time of making application. Further, as on date of application for migration the holding of Promoter's should not be less than 50% of shares held by them on the date of listing.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Other Listing conditions</td><td><ul><li>No proceedings have been admitted under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code against Applicant company and promoting company.</li><li>The company has not received any winding up petition admitted by NCLT/IBC.</li><li>The net worth of the company should be at least 75 crores.</li><li>No Material regulatory action in the past 3 years like suspension of trading against the applicant Company and Promoter by any Exchange.</li><li>No debarment of Company/Promoter, subsidiary Company by SEBI.</li><li>No Disqualification/Debarment of director of the Company by any regulatory authority.</li><li>The applicant company has no pending investor complaints in SCORES.</li><li>Cooling period of two months from the date the security has come out of the trade to trade category or any other surveillance action, by other exchanges where the Security has been actively listed.</li><li>No Default in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to the debenture/bond/fixed deposit holders by the applicant, promoter/ Subsidiary Company.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

Further, if the post-issue paid-up capital pursuant to further issue of capital including by way of rights issue, preferential issue, bonus issue, is likely to increase beyond ₹25 crores, the Company may undertake further issuance of capital without migration from SME exchange to the main board, subject to the Company undertaking to comply with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as applicable to companies listed on the main board of the stock exchange(s).

## Arrangements for Disposal of Odd Lots

The trading of the Equity Shares will happen in the minimum contract size of [●] shares in terms of the SEBI Circular No.