* The Registrar to the Issue, in this case being Link Intime India Private Limited;
* The Escrow Collection Banks/ Bankers to the Issue and
* The Designated Intermediaries and Sponsor bank

The SEBI ICDR Regulations have permitted the Issue of securities to the public through the Book Building Process, wherein allocation to the public shall be made as per Regulation 253 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

The Issue is being made through the Book Building Process wherein 50% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company may in consultation with the BRLM allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations (the “Anchor Investor Portion”), out of which one third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Issue Price. 5% of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Bidders, in accordance with the SEBI Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

Further, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to NIIs of which (a) one-third of the Non-Institutional Investor Category shall be available for allocation to Individual Investor with an application size of more than 2 (two) lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹ 10 Lakhs and (b) two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Investor Category shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors with an application size of more than ₹10 Lakhs provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to other sub-category of Non-Institutional Investor and the remaining shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regards in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR Regulations and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Bidders, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

All potential Bidders may participate in the Issue through an ASBA process by providing details of their respective bank account which will be blocked by the SCSBs. All Bidders are mandatorily required to utilize the ASBA process to participate in the Issue. Under subscription if any, in any category, except in the QIB Category, would be allowed to be met with spill over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange.

All Bidders, other than Anchor Investors are mandatorily required to use the ASBA process by providing the details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs or, in the case of UPI Bidders, by using the UPI Mechanism. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIB and Non-Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower the size of their Bids (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Anchor Investors are not allowed to revise and withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date. Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Further, Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date. Allocation to QIBs (other than Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Investors will be on a proportionate basis, while allocation to Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis.

The Book Building Process under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Bidding process are subject to change from time to time and Bidders are advised to make their own judgment about investment through this process prior to submitting a Bid in the Issue. Each Bidder by submitting a Bid in the Issue, will be deemed to have acknowledged the above restrictions and the terms of the Issue.

Bidders should note that the Issue is also subject to obtaining (i) final approval of the ROC after the Draft Red Herring Prospectus is filed with the ROC; and (ii) final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges, which our Company shall apply for only after Allotment.

**The Book Building Process under the SEBI ICDR Regulations is subject to change from time to time and Bidders are advised to make their own judgment about an investment through the Book Building Process prior to submitting a Bid in the Issue.**

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, allocation to all categories in the Net Issue, shall be made on a proportionate basis, except for Individual Investor Portion where allotment to each Individual Bidders shall not be less than the minimum bid lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in Individual Investor Portion, and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis. Under – subscription, if any, in any category, would be allowed to be met with spill – over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Stock Exchange. However, under – subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill over from other categories or a combination of categories.