Act also governs the statutory protection of trademarks and prohibits any registration of deceptively similar trademarks or chemical compounds, among others. Indian law permits the registration of trademarks for both goods and services It also provides for infringement, falsifying and falsely applying for trademarks. Under the provisions of the Trademarks Act, an application for trademark registration may be made before the Trademark Registry by any person claiming to be the proprietor of a trademark, whether individual or joint applicants, and can be made on the basis of either actual use or intention to use a trademark in the future. Once granted, a trademark registration is valid for 10 years unless cancelled, subsequent to which, it can be renewed. If not renewed, the mark lapses and the registration are required to be restored. Further, pursuant to the notification of the Trademarks (Amendment) Act, 2010 ("Trademark Amendment Act") simultaneous protection of trademarks in India and other countries has been made available to owners of Indian and foreign trademarks. The Trademark Amendment Act also seeks to simplify the law relating to transfer of ownership of trademarks by assignment or transmission and to conform Indian trademark law to international practice.

### The Design Act, 2000

It is an Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the protection of designs. The Design Act, 2000 (the "Design Act") is a complete code in itself and is statutory in nature and protects new or original designs from getting copied which cause loss to the proprietor. The proprietor upon registration gets 'copyrights in design' for the period of 10 years from the date of registration which can be renewed for a second period of five years, before the expiration of original period of 10 years. The controller registers a design under this Act after verifying that the design of any person, claiming to be the proprietor, is the new or original design not previously published anywhere in any country and is not against any public policy or morality. Any obvious or fraudulent imitation of a design, which is already registered, without the consent of its proprietor, is unlawful. It also prohibits the import of any material which closely resembles a registered design.

### Indian Copyright Act, 1957 and the rules made thereunder

The Copyright Act, 1957, along with the Copyright Rules, 1958, (collectively, "Copyright Laws") serve to create property rights for certain kinds of intellectual property, generally called works of authorship. The Copyright Laws protect the legal rights of the creator of an 'original work' by preventing others from reproducing the work in any other way. The intellectual property protected under the Copyright Laws includes literary works, dramatic works, musical works, artistic works, cinematography, and sound recordings. The Copyright Laws prescribe fine, imprisonment or both for violations, with enhanced penalty on second or subsequent convictions. While copyright registration is not a prerequisite for acquiring or enforcing a copyright in an otherwise copyrightable work, registration constitutes prima facie evidence of the particulars entered therein and may expedite infringement proceedings and reduce delay caused due to evidentiary considerations. Upon registration, the copyright protection for a work exists for a period of 60 years following the demise of the author. Reproduction of a copyrighted work for sale or hire, issuing of copies to the public, performance or exhibition in public, making a translation of the work, making an adaptation of the work and making a cinematograph film of the work without consent of the owner of the copyright are all acts which expressly amount to an infringement of copyright.

## EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR LAWS

### Employees' Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 ("the EPF Act") and the Employees Provident Fund Scheme, 1952

The EPF Act is applicable to an establishment employing more than 20 employees and as notified by the government from time to time. All the establishments under the EPF Act are required to be registered with the appropriate Provident Fund Commissioner. Also, in accordance with the provisions of the EPF Act, the employers are required to contribute to the employees' provident fund the prescribed percentage of the basic wages, dearness allowances and remaining allowance (if any) payable to the employees. The employee shall also be required to make the equal contribution to the fund. The Central Government under Section 5 of the EPF Act (as mentioned above) frames Employees Provident Scheme, 1952.

### Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948 (the "ESI Act")

It is an Act to provide for certain benefits to employees in case of sickness, maternity and 'employment injury' and to make provision for certain other matters in relation thereto. It shall apply to all factories (including factories belonging to the Government) other than seasonal factories. The ESI Act requires all the employees of the establishments to which this Act applies to be insured in the manner provided there under. Employer and employees both are required to make contribution to the fund. The return of the contribution made is required to be filed with the Employee State Insurance department.

### Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 (the "Act")

The Act shall apply to every factory, mine plantation, port and railway company; to every shop or establishment within the meaning of any law for the time being in force in relation to shops and establishments in a State, in which ten or more persons