# SECTION I - GENERAL

## DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

*This Draft Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, the following terms shall have the meanings provided below in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and references to any legislations, acts, statutes, regulations, rules, guidelines, circulars, notifications, clarification or policies will include any amendments or re-enactments thereto, from time to time, under that provision.*

*The words and expressions used but not defined herein shall have, to the extent applicable, the meanings as assigned to such terms under the notified provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SCRA, the Depositories Act and the rules and regulations made thereunder. Further, the Issue related terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the General Information Document (as defined hereinafter). In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the Conventional or General Information Document, the definitions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall prevail.*

*Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms in “Main Provisions of the Articles of Association”, “Statement of Possible Special Tax Benefits”, “Industry Overview”, “Basis for Issue Price”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Financial Information”, “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” and “Issue Procedure”, will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in these respective sections.*

### Conventional or General Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>“SIL”, “our Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Company”, “the Issuer Company” or “the Issuer”</td><td>Striders Impex Limited, a Public limited company incorporated under the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered office - 14th Floor, Office No. 1406 & 1407 Ajmera Sikova, Sikova Industrial Marg, LBS Marg, Opp. Damodar Park, Nr Ashok Mill, Ghatkopar(W), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400086</td></tr><tr><td>“you”, “your” or “yours”</td><td>Prospective investors in this Issue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Company Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>“Articles of Association” or “AoA” or “Articles”</td><td>Articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>“Audit Committee”</td><td>The audit committee of our Company constituted in accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations vide Board resolution dated August 22, 2025. For further details see, “Our Management” on page 195.</td></tr><tr><td>“Auditors” or “Statutory Auditors”</td><td>The statutory auditors of our Company, namely V R Sabnis and Associates, Chartered Accountants</td></tr><tr><td>“Banker to our Company”</td><td>ICICI Bank Limited is Banker to our company, as disclosed in the section titled “General Information” beginning on page 79 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>“Board” or “Board of Directors” or “Our Directors”</td><td>The director(s) on our Board, as duly constituted from time to time, including any committee(s). For further details of our Directors, please refer to section titled “Our Management” beginning on page 195 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>“Chairman”</td><td>Chairman of the Board of our Company being Mr. Mustafa Esmail Kapasi.</td></tr><tr><td>“Chief Financial Officer” or “CFO”</td><td>Chief Financial Officer of our Company being Pankaj Chandrakant Pradhan.</td></tr><tr><td>“CIN”</td><td>Corporate Identification Number of our Company U36999MH2021PLC359605.</td></tr><tr><td>“Committee(s)”</td><td>Duly constituted committee(s) of our Board as described in “Our Management” on page 195.</td></tr><tr><td>“Company Secretary” and “Compliance Officer”</td><td>The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company being Shweta Mahadeo Dagade.</td></tr></tbody></table>