The Equity Shares allotted to shareholders pursuant to this Issue may be priced significantly higher due to various reasons including better performance by the Company, better economic conditions and passage of time. For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page 90 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**62. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report prepared by “Market Research Future” commissioned by us for the purpose of the Issue for an agreed fee, and any reliance on such data is subject to inherent risks.**

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes certain information derived from an industry report prepared by “Market Research Future”(the “Industry Report”), which was commissioned by us solely in connection with the Offer, for a fee agreed upon between us and such third-party agency. While we believe the industry data contained in the Industry Report to be reliable, we have not independently verified such information, and such data may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and estimation.

The Industry Report is based on various assumptions and limitations, and future market conditions, economic developments, and other factors may cause actual outcomes to differ materially from the projections or trends contained in such report. The methodology and underlying assumptions adopted by “Market Research Future” in the preparation of the Industry Report may not be consistent with the methodologies adopted by other market research or industry publications.

Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on the Industry Report or data contained therein in making an investment decision. We, the BRLMs and other members of the syndicate, and our respective affiliates and advisors do not make any representation as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information derived from or included in the Industry Report. Any such reliance on the Industry Report is subject to risks inherent in third-party research and analysis, and may materially affect an investor’s evaluation of our industry, market position, and growth prospects.

**63. Our Promoters and the Promoter Group will jointly continue to retain majority shareholding in our Company after the Issue, which will allow them to determine the outcome of the matters requiring the approval of shareholders.**

Our Promoters along with the promoter group will continue to hold collectively upto 95.49 % of the Equity share capital of the Company. As a result of the same, they will be able to exercise significant influence over the control of the outcome of the matter that requires approval of the majority shareholders’ vote. Such a concentration of the ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring any change in the control of our Company. In addition to the above, our Promoters will continue to have the ability to take actions that are not in, or may conflict with our interest or the interest of some or all of our minority shareholders, and there is no assurance that such action will not have any adverse effect on our future financials or results of operations.

**64. Our Promoters may enter into ventures that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business.**

Our Promoters may, from time to time, engage in other business ventures, investments or activities in their personal or professional capacities, which may be similar to or competitive with our business. While our Promoters are currently focused on the growth and operations of our Company, there is no restriction on them from pursuing other opportunities in the same or related industry segments, either individually or through entities in which they may have an interest, whether direct or indirect. Although our Promoters have confirmed that they will give due consideration to the interests of our Company, there can be no assurance that any potential or actual conflicts of interest will be resolved in a manner that is entirely favourable to our Company. Any such conflicting interests or decisions not aligned with our interests could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. Furthermore, we may not have any contractual or statutory rights to restrict our Promoters from engaging in competing ventures, which could result in a loss of potential business opportunities or market share to our Company.

**65. We may require additional equity or debt in future in order to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favourable terms or at all.**

Our business strategy includes expanding our product offerings, growing our distribution network, enhancing our brand visibility, and entering new markets, both domestic and international. These growth initiatives may require significant capital expenditure and increased working capital. While we intend to meet our funding requirements through a combination of internal accruals, equity issuance, or external borrowings, we may be required to raise additional capital in the future.

There is no assurance that such financing, whether in the form of debt or equity, will be available to us in a timely manner, in the quantum required, or on terms that are favourable or commercially viable. Our ability to raise capital may be constrained by factors