Act 1932. The objective of the Contract Act is to ensure that the rights and obligations arising out of a contract are honoured and that legal remedies are made available to those who are affected.

### Sale of Goods Act, 1930

The law relating to the sale of goods is codified in the Sale of Goods Act, 1930. It defines sale and agreement to sell as a contract whereby the seller transfers or agrees to transfer the property in goods to the buyer for a price and provides that there may be a contract of sale between part owner and another and that the contract of sale may be absolute or conditional.

### Specific Relief Act, 1963

The Specific Relief Act, 1963 is complimentary to the provisions of the Contract Act and the Transfer of Property Act, as the Act applies both to movable property and immovable property. The Act applies in cases where the Court can order specific performance of a contract. Specific relief can be granted only for purpose of enforcing individual civil rights and not for the mere purpose of enforcing a civil law. Specific performance means Court will order the party to perform his part of agreement, instead of imposing on him any monetary liability to pay damages to other party.

### The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996

This act was enacted by Parliament in the Forty-seventh Year of the Republic of India to consolidate and amend the law relating to domestic arbitration, international commercial arbitration and enforcement of foreign arbitral awards as also to define the law relating to conciliation.

### The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (the "code") cover Insolvency of individuals, unlimited liability partnerships, Limited Liability partnerships (LLPs) and companies. The Insolvency Regulator (The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India) has been established to exercise regulatory oversight over (a) Insolvency Professionals, (b) Insolvency Professional Agencies and (c) Information Utilities.

### The Competition Act, 2002

The Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominant positions by enterprises and regulates combinations in India. The Competition Act also established the Competition Commission of India (the —CCI) as the authority mandated to implement the Competition Act. The provisions of the Competition Act relating to combinations were notified recently on March 4, 2011 and came into effect on June 1, 2011. Combinations which are Likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in a relevant market in India are void under the Competition Act. A combination is defined under Section 5 of the Competition Act as an acquisition, merger or amalgamation of enterprise(s) that meets certain asset or turnover thresholds. There are also different thresholds for those categorized as Individuals and Group. The CCI may enquire into all combinations, even if taking place outside India, or between parties outside India, if such combination is Likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Effective June 1, 2011, all combinations have to be notified to the CCI within 30 days of the execution of any agreement or other document for any acquisition of assets, shares, voting rights or control of an enterprise under Section 5(a) and (b) of the Competition Act (including any binding document conveying an agreement or decision to acquire control, shares, voting rights or assets of an enterprise); or the board of directors of a company (or an equivalent authority in case of other entities approving a proposal for a merger or amalgamation under Section 5(c) of the Competition Act. The obligation to notify a combination to the CCI falls upon the acquirer in case of an acquisition, and on all parties to the combination jointly in case of a merger or amalgamation.

### The Information Technology Act, 2000 ("IT Act") and the rules made thereunder

The Information Technology Act, 2000 seeks to: (i) provide legal recognition to transactions carried out by various means of electronic data interchange involving alternatives to paper-based methods of communication and storage of information; (ii) facilitate electronic filing of documents; and (iii) create a mechanism for the authentication of electronic documentation through digital signatures. The IT Act provides for extraterritorial jurisdiction over any offence or contravention under the IT Act committed outside India by any person, irrespective of their nationality, if the act or conduct constituting the offence or contravention involves a computer, computer system or computer network located in India. Additionally, the IT Act empowers the Government of India to direct any of its agencies to intercept, monitor or decrypt any information in the interest of sovereignty, integrity, defence and security of India, among other things. The Information Technology (Procedure and Safeguards for Blocking for Access of Information by Public) Rules, 2009 specifically permit the Government of India to block access of any information generated, transmitted, received, stored or hosted in any computer resource by the public, the reasons for which are required to be recorded by it in writing.