<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Market Price Slab (in Rs.)</td><td>Proposed Spread (in % to sale price)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Up to 50</td><td>9</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>50 to 75</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>75 to 100</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Above 100</td><td>5</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Punitive Action in case of default by Market Makers:**

Emerge Platform of NSE will monitor the obligations on a real time basis and punitive action will be initiated for any exceptions and/or non-compliances. Penalties / fines may be imposed by the Exchange on the Market Maker, in case he is not able to provide the desired liquidity in a particular security as per the specified guidelines. These penalties / fines will be set by the Exchange from time to time. The Exchange will impose a penalty on the Market Maker in case he is not present in the market (Issuing two way quotes) for at least 75% of the time. The nature of the penalty will be monetary as well as suspension in market making activities / trading membership. The Department of Surveillance and Supervision of the Exchange would decide and publish the penalties / fines / suspension for any type of misconduct/ manipulation/ other irregularities by the Market Maker from time to time.

Pursuant to SEBI Circular number CIR/MRD/DSA/31/2012 dated November 27, 2012, limits on the upper side for market makers during market making process has been made applicable, based on the issue size and as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Issue Size</td><td>Buy quote exemption threshold (including mandatory initial inventory of 5% of the Issue Size)</td><td>Re-Entry threshold for buy quote (including mandatory initial inventory of 5% of the Issue Size)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Up to ₹ 20 Crores</td><td>25%</td><td>24%</td></tr><tr><td>₹ 20 Crores to ₹ 50 Crores</td><td>20%</td><td>19%</td></tr><tr><td>₹ 50 Crores to ₹ 80 Crores</td><td>15%</td><td>14%</td></tr><tr><td>Above ₹ 80 Crores</td><td>12%</td><td>11%</td></tr></tbody></table>

All the above-mentioned conditions and systems regarding the Market Making Arrangement are subject to change based on changes or additional regulations and guidelines from SEBI and Stock Exchange from time to time.