<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Rajkumar Bahety.</td></tr><tr><td>"Wholly owned Subsidiary"</td><td>Wholly owned subsidiaries of our Company are Striders Distribution and Services Private Limited and Striders FZ LLC as on the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information regarding the subsidiary companies, please refer to the chapter titled "Our Subsidiaries" on page 211 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Issue Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>Abridged Prospectus to be issued as per SEBI ICDR Regulations and appended to the Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary to an Applicant as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>Allocation Note</td><td>Shares which will be Allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allot or Allotment or Allotted</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Applicants who have been allotted Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>A note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the successful Bidders who have been or are to be Allotted the Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee</td><td>The successful applicant to whom the Equity Shares are being / have been issued.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹ 200 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager during the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion, and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period or Anchor Investor Bidding Date</td><td>The day, being one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which the Book Running Lead Manager will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investor, and allocation to Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and Allotted to Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price. The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion, which may be allocated by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, out of which one third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr></tbody></table>

4