<table><tr><td>2.</td><td>The Company had filed e-form AOC-4, dated October 27, 2023 with the RoC, Mumbai with incorrect particulars:<ul><li>Board report signed by one director who is not the chairperson</li><li>Date of Signing of Board's Report mentioned is 22/09/2021 instead of 22/09/2022</li><li>The Company has mentioned that it has developed and adopted Risk Management Policy, however no such kind of policies found.</li><li>Household goods mentioned under principal business activity specified in attached Form MGT-9</li></ul></td><td>The Company has undertaken to ensure that such errors do not occur in future.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>The Company had filed e-form MGT - 7, dated November 01, 2024 with the RoC, Mumbai with incorrect particulars<ul><li>Company missed to report BM held on 11/10/2023</li><li>In VII (A) All directors shown as ED where as it is 2 ED and 2 NED, Also shareholding is wrongly mentioned as held by ED</li><li>Company has appointed Designated Person on 27/06/2024, details of the same are not informed by company.</li></ul></td><td>Adjudication application filed with Registrar of Companies</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>The Company had filed e-form ADT -1, with following incorrect particulars<br>As per the form MGT-7 filed for the year 2021-22, AGM was held on 22nd September 2022, but in Form ADT -1 the date of AGM is mentioned as 30th September, 2022</td><td>Revised and Rectified Form is filed with the Registrar of Companies</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>The Company had not filed e-form DPT - 3<br>As per balance sheet of 2021-2022 company has taken loan from directors, however no DPT-3 is filed in this behalf</td><td>The company has filed revised form DPT 3 with the Registrar of Companies</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>The Company had filed e-form MGT-7A, dated September 22, 2022 with the RoC, Mumbai with incorrect particulars<br>Discrepancies in filing of E-form MGT-7A:<ul><li>Under the sub-point (vii) of "Registration and Other Details", the financial year beginning date is incorrectly mentioned as 29/04/2021 instead of the correct date 28/04/2021.</li><li>The Company held its first Board Meeting on 30/04/2021, which was not reported.</li><li>As per the Memorandum of Association, the Authorised Share Capital at the time of incorporation of the Company was Rs. 15,00,000/- divided into 150,000 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each. However, it has been incorrectly</li></ul></td><td>Adjudication application filed with Registrar of Companies</td></tr></table>