ISSUE STRUCTURE

This Issue is being made in terms of Regulation 229(2) of the Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time, whereby, our post Issue face value capital more than ten crores rupees and up to twenty-five crore rupees. The Company shall Issue specified securities to the public and propose to list the same on the Small and Medium Enterprise Exchange (“SME Exchange”, in this case being the EMERGE Platform of NSE). For further details regarding the salient features and terms of this Issue, please see the chapters titled “Terms of the Issue” and “Issue Procedure” beginning on page 254 and 268 respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Issue Structure

Initial public issue up to 52,00,000 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each of the company for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per equity share (including a share premium of ₹ [●] per equity share) (“issue price”) aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs comprising a fresh issue of up to 46,90,000 Equity shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by our company (“fresh issue”) and an offer for sale of up to 5,10,000 Equity shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by selling shareholders(the “offered shares”). (The offer for sale together with the fresh issue, the “issue”). The issue and net issue shall constitute [●] % and [●]% respectively of the fully- diluted post- issue paid-up equity share capital of our company. The Issue is being made through the Book Building Process.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars of Issue<sup>(2)</sup></th><th>Market Maker Reservation Portion</th><th>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional Investor</th><th>Individual Bidders / Investors</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for allotment / allocation</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Issue Size available for allotment / allocation</td><td>[●]% of the Issue Size</td><td>Not more than 50% of the Net Issue being available for allocation to QIB Bidders. However, up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion will be available for allocation proportionately to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining QIB Portion. The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion</td><td>15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to NIIs of which (a) one-third of the Non-Institutional Investor Category shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than 2 (two) lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹ 10,00,000 and (b) two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Investor Category shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹10,00,000, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to other sub-category of Non-Institutional Investor and</td><td>Not less than 35% of the Net Issue</td></tr></tbody></table>