* In May 2025, private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) investments reached Rs. 20,470 crore (US$ 2.4 billion) across 97 deals.
* Foreign Institutional Investors (FII) outflows in FY25 were close to Rs. 1,27,000 crore (US$ 14.89 billion), while Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) bought in Rs. 6,00,000 crore (US$ 70.34 billion) in the same period.
* The HSBC India Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to a 14-month high of 58.4 in June 2025 from 57.6 in May, indicating a strong improvement in manufacturing conditions. Robust domestic and international demand drove sharp increases in output and new orders, while employment saw a record rise as firms expanded their workforce to meet rising workloads. New export orders surged, marking the third-fastest growth since the survey began in 2005. Although input cost inflation eased, producer prices increased as companies passed on higher freight and labour costs to customers.
* India saw a robust 10.35% growth in passengers carried by domestic airlines at 431.98 lakh in FY25, from 391.46 lakh in FY24, according to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).
* India secured 39th position out of 133 economies in the Global Innovation Index 2024. India rose from 81st position in 2015 to 39th position in 2024. India ranks third position in the global number of scientific publications.
* In FY25, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) recorded its highest-ever gross collection at Rs. 22,08,000 crore (US$ 258 billion), registering a YoY growth of 9.4%. The average monthly collection stood at Rs. 1,84,000 crore (US$ 21.57 billion).
* In May 2025, the overall Index of Industrial Production (IIP) stood at 156.6 (base 2011-12 = 100), reflecting a YoY growth of 1.2%. The mining, manufacturing and electricity sectors stood at 136.6, 154.3 and 216, respectively.
* According to data released by the Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation (MoSPI), India's Consumer Price Index (CPI) - Combined inflation was 3.34% in March 2025 against 4.85% in March 2024.
* India's wheat procurement for FY26 has reached 29.7 million tonnes as of May 22, 2025, the highest in four years and up 13.5% YoY. Strong production of 115.43 million tonnes, favourable weather, and bonuses above the Minimum Support Price (MSP) in key states have driven this growth. The Food Corporation of India expects procurement to hit 32.5 million tonnes by season end, raising stocks to 44 million tonnes, well above the 18.4 million tonnes needed for the Public Distribution System.

## Government Initiatives

Over the years, the Indian government has introduced many initiatives to strengthen the nation's economy. The Indian government has been effective in developing policies and programmes that are not only beneficial for citizens to improve their financial stability but also for the overall growth of the economy. Over recent decades, India's rapid economic growth has led to a substantial increase in its demand for exports. Besides this, a number of the government's flagship programmes, including Make in India, Start-up India, Digital India, the Smart City Mission, and the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation, is aimed at creating immense opportunities in India. In this regard, some of the initiatives taken by the government to improve the economic condition of the country are mentioned below:

* On July 5, 2025, the Union Cabinet approved the Rs. 1,00,000 crore (US$ 11.72 billion) Research, Development and Innovation (RDI) Scheme, launching long term, low or zero interest funding via a special purpose fund under the ANRF to jump start India's R&D ecosystem and support deep tech and startup innovation.
* On March 27, 2025, the Reserve Bank of India proposed doubling the investment cap for individual foreign investors in listed firms from 5% to 10%, with a combined foreign individual limit increasing to 24%, to counter Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI) outflows.
* According to a report by Wood Mackenzie in January 2025, India, the United States, and West Asia are expected to collectively add 100 Gigawatts (GW) of solar capacity by 2025, while China is anticipated to continue its leadership in the solar industry.
* In July 2024, the Ministry of Finance held the Union Budget and announced that for 2024-25, the total receipts other than borrowings and the total expenditure are estimated at Rs. 32.07 lakh crore (US$ 383.93 billion) and Rs. 48.21 lakh crore (US$ 577.16 billion), respectively.
* In February 2024, the Finance Ministry announced the total expenditure in Interim 2024-25 estimated at Rs. 47,65,768 crore (US$ 571.64 billion) of which total capital expenditure is Rs. 11,11,111 crore (US$ 133.27 billion).