<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars of Issue<sup>(2)</sup></th><th>Market Maker Reservation Portion</th><th>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional Investors</th><th>Individual Bidders / Investors</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>the remaining shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regards in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment<sup>(3)</sup></td><td>Firm Allotment</td><td>Proportionate as follows (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion):<br/>(a) Up to [●] Equity Shares shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only; and<br/>(b) Up to [●] Equity Shares shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs, including Mutual Funds receiving allocation as per (a) above.<br/>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion of up to [●] Equity Shares may be allocated on a discretionary basis to Anchor Investors of which one-third shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only, subject to valid Bid received from Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>Subject to the availability of shares in non-institutional investors' category, the allotment of equity shares to each noninstitutional category shall not be less than the minimum application size in non-institutional investor category, and the remaining shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis, the [●] Equity Shares shall be allotted in multiples of [●] Equity Shares. For details, see "Issue Procedure" beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td><td>Proportionate basis subject to minimum allotment of [●] Equity Shares</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of Allotment</td><td colspan="4">Compulsorily in dematerialized form.</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum Bid Size</td><td>[●] Equity Shares</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares that the Bid Amount exceeds ₹2.00 Lakhs and exceeds 2 lots.</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares that the Bid Amount exceeds ₹2.00 Lakhs and exceeds 2 lots.</td><td>2 lots such that the application size shall be above ₹2.00 Lakhs in multiples of [●] Equity Shares.</td></tr></tbody></table>

264