<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Estimated Amount</th><th>% of Net Issue Proceeds</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>working capital requirements</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Incorporation and Investment in a newly proposed wholly owned subsidiary in mainland UAE and funding its working capital requirements</td><td>650.00</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Repayment of Loans</td><td>300.00</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>General corporate purposes#</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total*</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

#The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed fifteen percent of the amount being raised by our Company or ₹ 10 Crores, whichever is less in accordance with Regulation 230(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI ICDR (Amendment) Regulations, 2025.

*To be finalized upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.

## Proposed Schedule of Implementation and Deployment of Net Proceeds

Our Company plans to deploy the funds towards the above stated Objects depending upon various factors including the actual timing of the completion of the Offer and the receipt of the Net Proceeds. In the event that estimated utilization out of the funds in any given financial year is not completely met, the same shall be utilized in the next financial year.

We propose to deploy the Fresh Issue Proceeds for the aforesaid purposes in accordance with the estimated schedule of implementation and deployment of funds set forth in the table below:

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Amount proposed to be financed from Net Proceeds*</th><th>Estimated Utilization of Net Proceeds in F.Y. 2025 - 2026</th><th>Estimated Utilization of Net Proceeds in F.Y. 2026 - 2027</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Funding of Working Capital Requirements in India</td><td>1300.00</td><td>666.46</td><td>633.54</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Investment in Striders FZ LLC, wholly owned subsidiary, to fund its working capital requirements</td><td>450.00</td><td>150.44</td><td>299.56</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Incorporation and Investment in a newly proposed wholly owned subsidiary in mainland UAE and funding its working capital requirements.</td><td>650.00</td><td>258.84</td><td>391.16</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Repayment of Loans</td><td>300.00</td><td>300.00</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>General corporate purposes#</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total*</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

#The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed fifteen percent of the amount being raised by our Company or ₹ 10 Crores, whichever is less in accordance with Regulation 230(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI ICDR (Amendment) Regulations, 2025.

*To be finalized upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.

## Means of finance

The deployment of funds indicated above is based on management estimates, current circumstances of our business and prevailing market conditions, all of which are subject to change. The deployment of funds described herein has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment from time to time on account of various factors, such as financial and market conditions, competition, business and strategy and interest/exchange rate fluctuations and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. In the event that estimated utilization out of the Net Proceeds in a Fiscal Year is not completely met, the same shall be utilized in the next Fiscal Year. This may entail rescheduling the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds and changing the allocation of funds from its planned allocation at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance with applicable law.

Our Company proposes to deploy the entire Net Proceeds towards the aforementioned Objects in the financial year Fiscal 2025 - 2026 and 2026-2027. In the event that the estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds in scheduled fiscal years is not completely met, due to the reasons stated above, the same shall be utilized in the next fiscal year, as may be determined by the Board, in accordance with applicable laws. If the actual utilization towards any of the Objects is lower than the proposed deployment, such balance will be used towards general corporate purposes, to the extent that the total amount to be utilized towards general corporate purposes is within the permissible limits in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, in case of variations in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the purposes set forth above, increased fund requirements for a particular purpose may be financed by surplus funds, if any, available in respect of the other purposes for which funds are being raised in the Issue, subject to compliance with applicable laws.