<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>issued by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited having reference no. 23/2022 dated July 22, 2022 and reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022; and (ii) the circulars issued by BSE Limited having reference no.20220722-30 dated July 22, 2022 and reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022; and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI or the Stock Exchanges in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the UPI Bidders by way of a notification on the UPI linked mobile application and by way of an SMS on directing the UPI Bidders to such UPI linked mobile application) to the UPI Bidders initiated by the Sponsor Bank to authorise blocking of funds on the UPI application equivalent to Bid Amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.<br/>In accordance with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019 and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, RIBs Bidding using the UPI Mechanism may apply through the SCSBs and mobile applications whose names appears on the website of the SEBI (https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;int mId=40)and(https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=ye s&amp;intmId=43) respectively, as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mechanism</td><td>The Application mechanism that may be used by an RII to make an Application in the Issue in accordance the UPI Circulars to make an ASBA Applicant in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>UPPIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transaction</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. Securities Act</td><td>U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter or Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>A wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower, as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Day</td><td>The days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business; provided however, with reference to (i) announcement of Price Band; and (ii) Issue Period, "Working Day" shall mean all days, excluding all Sundays, Saturdays and public holidays, on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business; (iii) the time period between the Issue Closing Date and the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, "Working Day" shall mean all trading days of Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holidays, as per the circulars issued by SEBI, including the UPI Circulars.</td></tr></tbody></table>

13