<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>newspaper [●], each with wide circulation, and in case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue Opening Date also to be notified on the website and terminals of the Syndicate and SCSBs, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding Centres</td><td>Centres at which the Designated intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms, i.e Designated SCSB Branch for SCSBs, specified locations for syndicate, broker centre for registered brokers, designated RTA Locations for RTAs and designated CDP locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Building Process</td><td>The book building process, as described in Part A, Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the Issue will be made.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Running Lead Manager or BRLM or LM</td><td>The Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, namely CapitalSquare Advisors Private Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Broker Centres</td><td>Broker centres notified by the Stock Exchanges, where the Applicants can submit the Application Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such Broker Centres, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Business Day</td><td>Monday to Friday (except public holidays)</td></tr><tr><td>CAN or Confirmation of Allocation Note</td><td>The Note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Applicant indicating the Equity which will be allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Cap Price</td><td>The higher end of the Price Band, i.e. ₹ [●] per Equity Share, above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will not be finalised and above which no Bids will be accepted, including any revisions thereof. The Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Cash Escrow and Sponsor Bank Agreement</td><td>Agreement to be entered into and amongst our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the Book Running Lead Manager, the Syndicate Members, the Escrow Collection Bank(s), Public Issue Bank(s), Sponsor Bank and Refund Bank(s) in accordance with UPI Circulars, for inter alia, the appointment of the Sponsor Bank in accordance, for the collection of the Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors, transfer of funds to the Public Issue Account(s) and where applicable, refunds of the amounts collected from Bidders, on the terms and conditions thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Client Id</td><td>Client Identification Number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to demat account.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Depository Participant or CDP</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Applications at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015, issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Controlling Branches of the SCSBs</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the BRLM, the Registrar to the Issue and the Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Cut-off Price</td><td>The Issue Price, as finalized by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager which shall be any price within the Price Band. Only Individual Bidders Bidding in the Retail Portion, are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs (including Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Demographic Details</td><td>The demographic details of the Applicants such as their Address, PAN, Occupation and Bank Account details.</td></tr><tr><td>Depository / Depositories</td><td>A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time, being NSDL and CDSL.</td></tr></tbody></table>

6