# SECTION VIII: ABOUT OUR COMPANY

## INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Unless otherwise indicated, the information in this section is derived from the industry report titled “GLOBAL TOYS MARKET RESEARCH REPORT” prepared by Wantstats Research and Media Private Limited (the “Market Research Future”). A copy of the Global Toys Market Research Report is available on the website of our Company at www.striders.biz. We have commissioned and paid for the Global Toys Market Research Report for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Issue. We officially engaged Market Research Future in connection with the preparation of the Global Toys Market Research. The data included in this section includes excerpts from the Global Toys Market Research Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Global Toys Market Research Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. Any potential investor in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to extensive regulatory environments that may differ significantly from one jurisdiction to another. “There can be no assurance that such report is complete, and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Issue is subject to inherent risks”. on page 32.

## Global Economy/ Macroeconomic Review

Following an unprecedented series of shocks in the preceding years, global growth was stable yet underwhelming through 2024 and was projected to remain so in the January 2025 World Economic Outlook (WEO) Update. However, the landscape has changed as governments around the world reorder policy priorities. Since the release of the January 2025 WEO Update, a series of new tariff measures by the United States and countermeasures by its trading partners have been announced and implemented, ending up in near-universal US tariffs on April 2 and bringing effective tariff rates to levels not seen in a century (Figure ES.1). This on its own is a major negative shock to growth. The unpredictability with which these measures have been unfolding also has a negative impact on economic activity and the outlook and, at the same time, makes it more difficult than usual to make assumptions that would constitute a basis for an internally consistent and timely set of projections. Given the complexity and fluidity of the current moment, this report presents a “reference forecast” based on information available as of April 4, 2025 (including the April 2 tariffs and initial responses), in lieu of the usual baseline. This is complemented with a range of global growth forecasts, primarily under different trade policy assumptions. The swift escalation of trade tensions and extremely high levels of policy uncertainty are expected to have a significant impact on global economic activity. Under the reference forecast that incorporates information as of April 4, global growth is projected to drop to 2.8 percent in 2025 and 3 percent in 2026—down from 3.3 percent for both years in the January 2025 WEO Update, corresponding to a cumulative downgrade of 0.8 percentage point, and much below the historical (2000–19) average of 3.7 percent. In the reference forecast, growth in advanced economies is projected to be 1.4 percent in 2025. Growth in the United States is expected to slow to 1.8 percent, a pace that is 0.9 percentage point lower relative to the projection in the January 2025 WEO Update, on account of greater policy uncertainty, trade tensions, and softer demand momentum, whereas growth in the euro area at 0.8 percent is expected to slow by 0.2 percentage point. In emerging market and developing economies, growth is expected to slow down to 3.7 percent in 2025 and 3.9 percent in 2026, with significant downgrades for countries affected most by recent trade measures, such as China. Global headline inflation is 95 expected to decline at a pace that is slightly slower than what was expected in January, reaching 4.3 percent in 2025 and 3.6 percent in 2026, with notable upward revisions for advanced economies and slight downward revisions for emerging market and developing economies in 2025. Intensifying downside risks dominate the outlook. Ratcheting up a trade war, along with even more elevated trade policy uncertainty, could further reduce near- and long-term growth, while eroded policy buffers weaken resilience to future shocks. Divergent and rapidly shifting policy stances or deteriorating sentiment could trigger additional repricing of assets beyond what took place after the announcement of sweeping US tariffs on April 2 and sharp adjustments in foreign exchange rates and capital flows, especially for economies already facing debt distress. Broader financial instability may ensue, including damage to the international monetary system. Demographic shifts and a shrinking foreign labor force may curb potential growth and threaten fiscal sustainability. The lingering effects of the recent cost-of-living crisis, coupled with depleted policy space and dim medium-term growth prospects, could reignite social unrest. The resilience shown by many large emerging market economies may be tested as servicing high debt levels becomes more challenging in unfavorable global financial conditions. More limited international development assistance may increase the pressure on low-income countries, pushing them deeper into debt or necessitating significant fiscal adjustments, with immediate consequences for growth and living standards. On the upside, a de-escalation from current tariff rates and new agreements providing clarity and stability in trade policies could lift global growth. fiscal adjustments, with immediate consequences for growth and living standards. On the upside, a de-escalation from current tariff rates and new agreements providing clarity and stability in trade policies could lift global growth.