Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or Senior Management or the BRLM. The Global Toys Market Research Report is subject to the following disclaimer:

"This report is prepared by Market Research Future. Market Research Future has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this report based on information available in Market Research Future's proprietary database, and other sources considered by Market Research Future as accurate and reliable including the information in public domain. The views and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of Market Research Future to buy or invest in this industry, sector or companies operating in this sector or industry and is also not a recommendation to enter into any transaction in this industry or sector in any manner whatsoever.

This report has to be seen in its entirety; the selective review of portions of the report may lead to inaccurate assessments. All forecasts in this report are based on assumptions considered to be reasonable by Market Research Future; however, the actual outcome may be materially affected by changes in the industry and economic circumstances, which could be different from the projections. Nothing contained in this report is capable or intended to create any legally binding obligations on the sender or Market Research Future which accepts no responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the use of the said information. Market Research Future is also not responsible for any errors in transmission and specifically states that it, or its directors, employees, parent company – Market Research Future Valuation & Rating, or its directors, employees do not have any financial liabilities whatsoever to the subscribers/users of this report. The subscriber/user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this report or data herein. This report is for the information of the authorized recipient in India only and any reproduction of the report or part of it would require explicit written prior approval of Market Research Future.

Market Research Future shall reveal the report to the extent necessary and called for by appropriate regulatory agencies, viz., SEBI, RBI, Government authorities, etc., if it is required to do so. By accepting a copy of this Report, the recipient accepts the terms of this Disclaimer, which forms an integral part of this Report.

Except for the Global Toys Market Research Report we have not commissioned any report for purposes of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and any market and industry related data, other than that extracted or obtained from the Wantstats Research and Media Private Limited, used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from publicly available documents and other industry sources.

Although the industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is reliable, the data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation. Data from these sources may also not be comparable. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. The excerpts of the Global Toys Market Research Report are disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and there are no parts, information, data (which may be relevant and material for the proposed Offer), left out or changed in any manner. Such data involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in the "Risk Factors" on page 32. Accordingly, investment decisions should not be based solely on such information.

The sections titled "Summary of Issue Document", "Industry Overview", "Our Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" on pages 24, 125, 153 and 220, respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus contain data and statistics from the Global Toys Market Research Report which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee and is available on the website of our Company at www.striders.biz.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the section titled "Basis for Issue Price" on page 116 includes information relating to our listed industry peers. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources believed to be reliable and verified by M/s V R Sabnis and Associates, Chartered Accountants, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, no investment decisions should be based solely on such information. The extent to which the market and industry data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends on the reader's familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which the business of our Company is conducted, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources.