<table><tr><td></td><td>stated as Rs. 1,00,000/- divided into 10,000 Equity shares of Rs.10/- each.<ul><li>As per the audited financial statements for FY 2021-22, remuneration of Rs. 7,62,500/- was paid to each Director. This detail has been omitted. Under Point V – Turnover and Net Worth of the Company (as defined in the Companies Act, 2013), the Net Worth of the Company was inadvertently mentioned as Rs. 6,87,017/-. As per the audited financial statements for FY 2021-22, the correct Net Worth of the Company is Rs. 5,38,140/-.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td><strong>The Company had filed e-form MGT-7A, dated September 30, 2023 with the RoC, Mumbai with incorrect particulars</strong><br>Discrepancies in filing of E-form MGT-7A:<ul><li>As per the Memorandum of Association, the Authorised Share Capital at the time of incorporation of the Company was Rs. 15,00,000/- divided into 150,000 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each. However, it has been incorrectly stated as Rs. 1,00,000/- divided into 10,000 Equity shares of Rs.10/- each.</li><li>The Company has missed to report the Extraordinary General Meetings held on 01/12/2022 and 15/12/2022, and the Annual General Meeting held on 22/09/2022.</li></ul>As per the audited financial statements for FY 2022-23, a total amount of Rs. 99,70,970/- (Rupees Ninety-Nine Lakh Seventy Thousand Nine Hundred Seventy only) towards salary and consultancy fees was paid to the Directors. This detail, was not mentioned.</td><td>Adjudication application filed with Registrar of Companies</td></tr></table>

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to such non-compliances or instances or delays in filing statutory forms with the Registrar of Companies as of the date of this Draft Red Hearing Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future and we cannot assure that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by concerned regulatory authorities in this respect. Therefore, if the authorities impose monetary penalties on our Company or against any of the Directors of or Company or take certain punitive actions against our Company or Directors of our Company in relation to the same, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In the past, there have been certain instances of delays or incorrect filings of certain forms along with other non-compliances of delays in filing statutory forms which have been subsequently filed by payment of an additional fee as specified by RoC

The details of the delay caused in ROC filings have been provided below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>E-form</td><td>Date of event</td><td>Remarks</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>INC-20A</td><td>22/01/2022</td><td>Late Filing</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>MGT-7A</td><td>27/09/2023</td><td>Late Filing</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>DPT-3</td><td>29/07/2025</td><td>Late Filing</td></tr></tbody></table>