<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Syndicate Agreement</td><td>Agreement to be entered into among the Company, the Book Running Lead Manager, and the Syndicate Members in relation to collection of Bid cum Application Forms by the Syndicate.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Members</td><td>Syndicate members as defined under Regulation 2(1)(hhh) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate or members of the Syndicate</td><td>Together, the Book Running Lead Manager and the Syndicate Members</td></tr><tr><td>Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company or NBFC-SI</td><td>Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Registration Slip/ TRS</td><td>The slip or document issued by the member(s) of the Syndicate to the Applicant as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriter</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The Agreement dated [•] entered between the Underwriters and our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI/ Unified Payments Interface</td><td>Unified Payments Interface (UPI) is an instant payment system developed by the NPCI. It enables merging several banking features, seamless fund routing & merchant payments into one hood. UPI allows instant transfer of money between any two persons bank accounts using a payment address which uniquely identifies a person's bank a/c.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Bidders</td><td>Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Investors in the Portion, (ii) Eligible Employees, in the Employee Reservation Portion and (iii) Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to ₹ 5,00,000 million in the Non-Institutional Portion, and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.<br>Pursuant to Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 05, 2022 issued by SEBI, all individual investors applying in public issues where the application amount is up to ₹ 5,00,000 shall use UPI and shall provide their UPI ID in the bid-cum-application form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity).</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single-window mobile payment system developed by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>The SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 01, 2018 read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 03, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 02, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 05, 2022, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 and SEBI master circular with circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2023/70 dated May 17, 2023 (to the extent that such circulars pertain to the UPI Mechanism), SEBI master circular with circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 09, 2023, along with (i) the circulars</td></tr></tbody></table>

12