or partial interest in any share or any interest in any fractional part of a share or (except only as by these regulations or by law otherwise provided) any other rights in respect of any share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder.

7. The company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by sub-section (6) of section 40 provided that the rate per cent or the amount of the commission paid or agreed to be paid shall be disclosed in the manner required by that section and rules made thereunder. The rate or amount of the commission shall not exceed the rate or amount prescribed in rules made under sub-section (6) of section 40. The commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in the one way and partly in the other.

8. 1) Authorised Share Capital the Authorised Share Capital of the Company is as per Clause V of the Memorandum of Association.

2) Shares at the Disposal of the Directors Subject to the provisions of Section 62 of the Act and these Articles the Shares in the Capital of the Company for the time being shall be under the control of the Directors who may issue allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any of them to such person in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at a premium or at par and at such time as they may from time to time think fit and with sanction of the Company in the General Meeting to give to any person or persons the option or right to call for any Shares either at par or premium during such time and for such consideration as the Directors think fit and may issue and allot Shares in the Capital of the Company on payment in full or part of any property sold and transferred or for any services rendered to the Company in the conduct of its business and any Shares which may be deemed to be fully paid Shares. Provided the option or right to call of Shares shall not be given to any person or Persons without the sanction of the Company in the General Meeting.

3) Increase of Capital the Company may from time to time increase the Capital by the creation of new Shares. Such increase to be of such aggregate amount and to be divided into Shares of such respective amounts as the resolution shall prescribe. The new Shares shall be issued on such terms and conditions and with such rights and privileges annexed thereto as the resolution shall prescribe and such Shares may be issued with a preferential or qualified right to Dividends and in the distribution of assets of the Company and with a right of voting at General Meeting of the Company in conformity with Section 47 of the Act. Whenever the Capital of the Company has been increased under the provisions of the Articles the Directors shall comply with the provisions of Section 64 of the Act.

4) Reduction of Capital The Company may subject to the provisions of Sections 52, 55, 66 and other applicable provisions of the Act from time to time by Special Resolution reduce its Capital and any Capital Redemption Reserve Account or Securities Premium Account in any manner for the time being authorised by law and in particular the Capital may be paid off on the footing that it may be called up again or otherwise.

5) Sub-division and Consolidation of Shares Subject to the provisions of Section 61 of the Act the Company in General Meeting may by an Ordinary Resolution from time to time a) divide sub-divide or consolidate its Shares or any of them and the resolution whereby any Share is subdivided may determine that as between the holders of the Shares resulting from such sub-division one or more of such Shares have some preference of special advantage as regards Dividend Capital or otherwise as compared with the others. Provided that no consolidation and division which results in changes in the voting percentage of shareholders shall take effect unless it is approved by the Tribunal. b) cancel Shares which at the date of such General Meeting have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its Share Capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

6) New Capital part of the existing Capital Except so far as otherwise provided by the conditions of the issue or by these presents any Capital raised by the creation of new Shares shall be considered as part of the existing Capital and shall be subject to the provisions herein contained with reference to the payment of calls and installments forfeiture lien surrender transfer and transmission voting and otherwise.

7) Power to issue Shares with differential voting rights The Company shall have the power to issue Shares with such differential rights as to Dividend voting or otherwise subject to the compliance with any law as may be applicable.

8) Power to issue preference shares Subject to the provisions of Section 55 of the Act the Company shall have the powers to issue Preference Shares which are liable to be redeemed and the resolution authorising such issue shall prescribe the manner terms and conditions of such redemption.

9) Variation of shareholders rights i. If at any time the Share Capital is divided into different classes of shares the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may subject to the provisions of Section 48 of the Act and whether or not the Company is being wound up be varied with the consent in writing of the holders of three-