# SECTION III – RISK FACTOR

An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry segments in which we currently operate or to India.

We have described the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we operate. The risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future and may also impair our business. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually materialize, or if any of the risks that are currently not known or deemed not to be relevant or material actually materialize or become material in the future, our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.

To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, please read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 153, 125 and 220, respectively, as well as other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that we are incorporated under the laws of India and are subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries.

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 22.

Unless otherwise indicated, the industry-related information contained in this section is derived from the industry report titled “Global Toys Market Research Report” prepared and issued by “Market Research Future”. A copy of the Global Toys Market Research Report is available on the website of our Company at www.striders.biz. We have commissioned and paid for the “Global Toys Market Research Report” for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. We officially engaged “Market Research Future” in connection with the preparation of the “Global Toys Market Research Report”. The data included in this section includes extracts from the “Global Toys Market Research Report” and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Global Toys Market Research Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. Any potential investor in Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to extensive regulatory environments that may differ significantly from one jurisdiction to another.

## Materiality

The Risk factors have been determined on the basis of their materiality. The following factors have been considered for determining the materiality.

1. Some events may not be material individually but may be found material collectively.

2. Some events may have material impact qualitatively instead of quantitatively.

3. Some events may not be material at present but may be having material impact in future.

## INTERNAL RISK FACTORS

1. Our business operations and brand positioning are significantly dependent on the continued right to use certain licensed intellectual property including trademarks and marketing content obtained from third-party owners.

Our Company is significantly dependent on third-party licensed intellectual property rights (“IPRs”) for a substantial portion of its business operations and revenue generation. Major part of our product portfolio, particularly in the character-based or theme-based toy segment, is developed and marketed under licensing agreements executed with various licensors who own the underlying intellectual property. These licensors are globally recognized brands and entertainment content owners that grant us limited, non-exclusive, and time-bound rights to use their intellectual property such as characters, trademarks, logos, and design elements for the manufacture, distribution, and sale of specified products within agreed territories, platforms and sales channels The continued availability and enforceability of such licenses are critical to our business. These licensing agreements are generally subject to specific commercial terms including, but not limited to, minimum guarantee payments, royalty fees based on sales, compliance with