<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Company in consultation with the BRLM), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Foreign Investor/ QFIs</td><td>Non-resident investors other than SEBI registered FIIs or sub-accountants or SEBI registered FCVIs who meet your client requirements prescribed by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Institutional Buyers/ QIBs</td><td>A qualified institutional buyer as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Red Herring Prospectus or RHP</td><td>The red herring prospectus to be issued by our Company in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto. The red herring prospectus will be filed with the RoC at least three working days before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and will become the Prospectus upon filing with the RoC on or after the Pricing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account to be opened with the Refund Bank(s), from which refunds, if any, of the whole or part, of the Bid Amount to the Anchor Investors shall be made.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Bank(s)/ Refund Banker(s)</td><td>The Bankers to the Issue with whom the Refund Accounts will be opened, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Brokers</td><td>Stock-brokers registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Stock-Brokers and Sub Brokers) Regulations, 1992 and the stock exchanges having nationwide terminals, other than the Members of the Syndicate eligible to procure Bids in terms of Circular No. CIR/CFD/14/2012 dated October 04, 2012, issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar/ Registrar to the Issue/ RTA/ RTI</td><td>Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, 100, Everest, Marine Drive, Mumbai-400002, Maharashtra, India</td></tr><tr><td>Reserved Category/ Categories</td><td>Categories of persons eligible for making application under reservation portion.</td></tr><tr><td>Reservation Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue reserved for category of eligible Applicants as provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Revision Form</td><td>The form used by the Applicants to modify the quantity of Equity Shares in any of their Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s).</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI SCORES</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System.</td></tr><tr><td>Securities Law</td><td>In accordance with Regulation 2(1)(ccc), the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules and regulations made thereunder, and the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the Board thereunder and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any previous company law and any subordinate legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s) / SCSB(s)</td><td>The banks registered with SEBI, which offer the facility of ASBA services, (i) in relation to ASBA, where the Bid Amount will be blocked by authorising an SCSB, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=34 and updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time, (ii) in relation to UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=40 or such other website as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SME Exchange/ SME Platform</td><td>The SME Platform of NSE i.e. NSE EMERGE for listing equity shares issued under Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Specified securities</td><td>The equity shares issued through this Issue Document.</td></tr></tbody></table>

11