OFFER STRUCTURE

The Offer is being made through the Book Building Process. The Offer is of up to 1,00,00,000 Equity Shares for cash at a price of ₹ 10 per Equity Share aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs, comprising a Fresh Issue of up to 90,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs and an Offer for Sale of up to 10,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by the Promoter Selling Shareholders.

The Offer will constitute [●] % of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company.

The Offer is being made through Book Building Process, in compliance with Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>QIBs <sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional Investors</th><th>Retail Individual Investors</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for Allotment/ allocation*<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares available for allocation or Offer less allocation to QIBs and Retail Individual Investors.</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares available for allocation or Offer less allocation to QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Offer Size available for Allotment or allocation</td><td>Not more than 50% of the Offer size shall be available for allocation to QIBs.<br>Up to 5% of Net QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) will be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining Net QIB Portion. The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be available for allocation to other QIBs in the Net QIB Portion.</td><td>Not less than 15% of the Offer or the Offer less allocation to QIBs and Retail Individual Investors will be available for allocation. The Allotment to each Non-Institutional Investor shall not be less than the minimum application size, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be available for allocation out of which:<br>(i) One-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size exceeding ₹ 2.00 lakhs and up to ₹ 10.00 lakhs; and<br>(ii) two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 10.00 lakhs.<br>Under-subscription in either of these two subcategories of the Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other subcategory of the Non-Institutional Portion in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.</td><td>Not less than 35% of the Offer or the Offer less allocation to QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment/allocation if respective category is</td><td>Proportionate as follows (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion):</td><td>The Allotment to each Non-Institutional Investor shall not be less than the minimum</td><td>Allotment to each Retail Individual Investor shall not be</td></tr></tbody></table>

412