(3) The Promoter Selling Shareholders confirm, severally and not jointly, that the respective portion of the Equity Shares being offered by them have been held by them for a period of at least one year prior to the filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus with SEBI in accordance with Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and are eligible for being offered for sale as part of the Offer in terms of the Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations

(4) The Promoter Selling Shareholders have confirmed and authorized their participation in the Offer for Sale pursuant to their respective consent letters. For further details on the authorisation of the Promoter Selling Shareholders in relation to the Offer for Sale, see "Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures - Authority for the Offer" on page 393.

The Offer shall constitute [•] % of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For further details, see "The Offer" and "Offer Structure" on pages 80 and 412, respectively.

## Objects of the Offer

The Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilised towards the following objects:

(in ₹ lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Estimated amount^</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Funding of capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchase of machinery and equipment</td><td>1,086.89</td></tr><tr><td>Pre-payment/ re-payment, in part or full, of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company</td><td>2,561.76</td></tr><tr><td>Funding long-term working capital requirement of our Company</td><td>5,500.00</td></tr><tr><td>General corporate purposes</td><td>[•]<sup>(1)</sup></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Net Proceeds^</strong></td><td>[•]<sup>(2)</sup></td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) To be finalized upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount utilized for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.

^Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider an issue of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC ("Pre-IPO Placement"). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the Objects of the Offer in compliance with applicable law. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20.00% of the Fresh Issue size. Our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(2) To be finalised upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. This includes the proceeds, if any, received pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement. Details of the Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, as amended and shall be included in the Red Herring Prospectus.

For further details, see "Objects of the Offer" on page 108.

## Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters (including the Promoter Selling Shareholders) and the members of our Promoter Group

The aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters (including the Promoter Selling Shareholders) and members of our Promoter Group as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is set out below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">S. No.</th><th rowspan="2">Name of the Shareholder</th><th colspan="2">Pre-Offer Equity Share Capital</th><th colspan="2">Post-Offer Equity Share Capital</th></tr><tr><th>No. of Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each held</th><th>% of paid-up Equity Share capital</th><th>No. of Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each held#</th><th>% of paid-up Equity Share capital#</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Promoters*</strong></td></tr><tr><td>1.</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>86,10,000</td><td>32.28</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Kanubhai Patel</td><td>86,10,000</td><td>32.28</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</td><td>73,80,000</td><td>27.67</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Total (A)</strong></td><td><strong>2,46,00,000</strong></td><td><strong>92.24</strong></td><td><strong>[•]</strong></td><td><strong>[•]</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Promoter Group (other than our Promoters)</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>