<table><thead><tr><td>Sr No.</td><td>Metric</td><td>Unit</td><td>Formula</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>6.</td><td>Gross Profit Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>Gross Profit Margin is calculated by dividing gross profit by total income and multiplying by 100</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>PAT Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>PAT Margin (%) is determined by dividing the restated profit for the year by total income and multiplying by 100.</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>CFO/EBITDA</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Cash flow from operation divided by EBITDA</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Debt to Equity Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>This is defined as total debt divided by total equity. Total debt is the sum of total current & non-current borrowings; total equity means sum of equity share capital and other equity</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Current Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Current Ratio is calculated by total current assets divided by total current liabilities.</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>EBITDA</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>EBITDA is calculated as Restated profit before share of profit/(loss) tax plus Finance Costs, Depreciation and amortization expense less other income.</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>EBITDA Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>EBITDA Margin (%) is computed by dividing EBITDA by total income and multiplying by 100</td></tr><tr><td>13.</td><td>Return on Equity (RoE)</td><td>(In %)</td><td>Return on Equity (%) is calculated by dividing profit after tax (PAT) by total equity and multiplying by 100.</td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>Return on Capital Employed (RoCE)</td><td>(In %)</td><td>ROCE is calculated as operating EBIT as a percentage of capital employed. EBIT is calculated as Restated profit before share of profit/(loss) tax plus Finance Costs. Capital employed is the sum of tangible net worth plus net debt, where tangible net worth is calculated as total equity minus goodwill, intangible assets, and deferred tax assets, plus deferred tax liabilities.</td></tr><tr><td>15.</td><td>Net Capital Turnover Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Net capital turnover ratio is calculated by dividing net sales by average working capital. Net sales are total sales minus sales returns, and working capital is calculated as current assets minus current liabilities (excluding short-term borrowings).</td></tr><tr><td>16.</td><td>Order Book</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>The order book indicates the estimated billing from the unexecuted portions of all existing contracts of the company as of a specific date.</td></tr><tr><td>17.</td><td>Order Inflow</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Order inflow represents the total value of new customer orders received by the company within a specific period.</td></tr><tr><td>18.</td><td>Number of Projects Completed</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>This metric refers to the total count of projects that have been fully completed and delivered within a specified time frame</td></tr><tr><td>19.</td><td>Number of Projects ongoing</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>Number of Ongoing Projects represents the total projects that are active and not yet completed during a specific period. It is calculated by counting all projects in execution, excluding those closed or fully delivered.</td></tr><tr><td>20.</td><td>Number of Customers</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>Number of Customers represents total number of unique customers served in respective period.</td></tr><tr><td>21.</td><td>Book to Bill Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>The book-to-bill ratio is the ratio of the total value of new orders received (bookings) to the total value of orders shipped and billed in the same period.</td></tr><tr><td>22.</td><td>Project Win Rate</td><td>(In %)</td><td>The project win rate (%) is the percentage of projects successfully secured out of the total number of project opportunities pursued.</td></tr></tbody></table>

# MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## a) Revenue Recognition

Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for variable considerations, if any, as specified in the contracts with the customers. Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the