Formulas

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr No.</td><td>Metric</td><td>Unit</td><td>Formula</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Total Income</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Sum of revenue from operations and other income.</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Revenue from Operations</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Sum of revenue from customers and other operating income.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Profit After Tax</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Restated profit for the year as per Restated Financial Statements.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Operating Cash Flows</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Operating Cash flows is Cash flow from operations from cash flow statements.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Gross Profit</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Gross profit is calculated by deducting the cost of material consumed, and project related expenses from the restated revenue from operations.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Gross Profit Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>Gross Profit Margin is calculated by dividing gross profit by total income and multiplying by 100</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>PAT Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>PAT Margin (%) is determined by dividing the restated profit for the year by total income and multiplying by 100.</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>CFO/EBITDA</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Cash flow from operation divided by EBITDA</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Debt to Equity Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>This is defined as total debt divided by total equity. Total debt is the sum of total current & non-current borrowings; total equity means sum of equity share capital and other equity</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Current Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Current Ratio is calculated by total current assets divided by total current liabilities.</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>EBITDA</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>EBITDA is calculated as Restated profit before share of profit/(loss) tax plus Finance Costs, Depreciation and amortization expense.</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>EBITDA Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>EBITDA Margin (%) is computed by dividing EBITDA by total income and multiplying by 100</td></tr><tr><td>13.</td><td>Return on Equity (RoE)</td><td>(In %)</td><td>Return on Equity (%) is calculated by dividing profit after tax (PAT) by total equity and multiplying by 100.</td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>Return on Capital Employed (RoCE)</td><td>(In %)</td><td>ROCE is calculated as operating EBIT as a percentage of capital employed. EBIT is calculated as Restated profit before share of profit/(loss) tax plus Finance Costs. Capital employed is the sum of tangible net worth plus net debt, where tangible net worth is calculated as total equity minus goodwill, intangible assets, and deferred tax assets, plus deferred tax liabilities.</td></tr><tr><td>15.</td><td>Net Capital Turnover Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Net capital turnover ratio is calculated by dividing net sales by average working capital. Net sales are total sales minus sales returns, and working capital is calculated as current assets minus current liabilities (excluding short-term borrowings).</td></tr><tr><td>16.</td><td>Order Book</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>The order book indicates the estimated billing from the unexecuted portions of all existing contracts of the company as of a specific date.</td></tr><tr><td>17.</td><td>Order Inflow</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Order inflow represents the total value of new customer orders received by the company within a specific period.</td></tr><tr><td>18.</td><td>Number of Projects Completed</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>This metric refers to the total count of projects that have been fully completed and delivered within a specified time frame</td></tr><tr><td>19.</td><td>Number of Projects</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>Number of Ongoing Projects represents the total projects that are</td></tr></tbody></table>

223