<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mobile App(s)</td><td>INE25E901019. The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=4 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by UPI Bidders to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [●] to be entered into between our Company and the Monitoring Agency.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Funds</td><td>Mutual funds registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer being 5% of the Net QIB Portion consisting of [●] Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allotted to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds of the Fresh Issue less our Company's share of the Offer expenses. For further details regarding the use of the Net Proceeds and the Offer related expenses, see "Objects of the Offer" beginning on page 108.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Bidders/ Non-Institutional Investors/ NIIs</td><td>All Bidders that are not QIBs or Retail Individual Investors and who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount more than ₹ 2.00 lakhs (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer being not less than 15% of the Offer, consisting of [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, out of which i) one third shall be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 2.00 lakhs up to ₹ 10.00 lakhs; and ii) two-thirds shall be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 10.00 lakhs.<br/>Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (i) or (ii), may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Resident/NR</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer</td><td>The initial public offering of up to 1,00,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] each (including a share premium of ₹ [●] each), aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by our Company comprising a Fresh Issue of 90,00,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to [●] lakhs and an Offer for Sale of up to 10,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating to ₹[●] lakhs by the Promoter Selling Shareholders. For further information, see "The Offer" on page 80. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider an issue of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC ("Pre-IPO Placement"). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the Objects of the Offer in compliance with applicable law. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20.00% of the Fresh Issue size. Our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated September 30, 2025 amongst our Company, the Promoter</td></tr></tbody></table>