<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer / invitation under the Offer and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe or purchase the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI(s)</td><td>A non-resident Indian, resident in a jurisdiction outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or invitation under the Offer and in relation to whom the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid Cum Application Form constitutes an invitation to subscribe or purchase for the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>Account(s) opened with the Escrow Collection Bank(s) and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through direct credit/NEFT/RTGS/NACH in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank(s)</td><td>The Bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an issue under the SEBI BTI Regulations and with whom the Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>First Bidder or Sole Bidder</td><td>Bidder whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, at or above which the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price will be finalised and below which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive Economic Offender</td><td>An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue</td><td>The fresh issue of up to 90,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] each (including a share premium of ₹ [●] each), aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider an issue of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC (“Pre-IPO Placement”). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the Objects of the Offer in compliance with applicable law. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20.00% of the Fresh Issue size. Our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. For information, see “The Offer” on page 80.</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document or GID</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public offers, prepared and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020, issued by SEBI, suitably modified and updated pursuant to, among others, the UPI Circulars and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>The gross proceeds of the Fresh Issue that will be available to our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>KPIs</td><td>The key performance indicators which have been used historically by our Company to understand and analyse our business performance, which in result, help us in analysing the growth of business in comparison to our peers.<br>For further details please see “Basis for Offer Price” and “Our Business” sections beginning on pages 128 and 225, respectively.</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number of our Company being</td></tr></tbody></table>

7