is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any such errors can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all, which may have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition.

**59. Our Promoters and members of Promoter Group will continue to retain a majority shareholding in our Company after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us.**

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group are expected to hold [•]% of our outstanding total issued and paid-up Equity Share capital. Further, the involvement of our Promoters in our operations, including through strategy, direction and customer relationships have been integral to our development and business.

Accordingly, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders' approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoters and Promoter Group. Further, the Promoters' shareholding may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control. The interests of our Promoters and Promoter Group, as our Company's controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company's interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. There is no assurance that our Promoters and member of the Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company's or your favour.

**60. For our business, we rely heavily on our Promoters namely, Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel, who are the Chairman and Executive Director, Managing Director and Whole-Time Director, respectively. Our business performance may have an adverse effect by their departure or by our failure to recruit or keep them.**

Our Promoters namely Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel, who are the Chairman and Executive Director, Managing Director and Whole-Time Director, respectively are in charge of our day-to-day operations, strategy, and business expansion. They are also responsible for the execution of our business plan. The Promoters have been a part of our Company since incorporation and it may be challenging to find a suitable replacement for one or more of our Promoter Directors in a timely and economical manner if they are unable to continue in their current roles. Our ability to keep the Promoter Directors on board cannot be guaranteed. Our ability to grow, execute our strategy, build brand awareness, raise capital, make strategic decisions, and oversee the day-to-day operations of our business could be hampered by the loss of our Promoter Directors or our inability to find suitable replacements. Further, there could be a materially negative effect on our operations, financial position, cash flows, and business.

**61. Our Company has availed unsecured borrowing which is repayable on demand**

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company availed unsecured borrowings that amounted to ₹ 40.41 lakhs from Kanubhai Patel, the promoter and managing director of our Company. Since these loans are unsecured, it does not require any collateral, and is repayable on demand. Any unforeseen demand for immediate repayment could adversely affect our Company's liquidity, cash flow, and financial stability. A significant disruption in our ability to manage or refinance these liabilities may also impact our operations and overall financial health. For further details of unsecured loans of our Company, please refer "*Financial Indebtedness*" on page 351.

**62. Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees as security for certain facilities availed by our Company. If these guarantees are revoked, we may be unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition**

Our Promoters, Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel have provided personal guarantees as security for certain facilities availed by our Company, which was outstanding at ₹ 2,561.76 lakhs as on August 31, 2025. The table below sets forth details of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoters, Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel as on August 31, 2025: