resolution and other compliances in this regard. Our Promoters shall provide exit opportunity to such shareholders who do not agree to the proposal to vary the objects, at such price, and in such manner, as may be prescribed by SEBI, in this regard.

Various risks and uncertainties, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. We cannot assure you that use of the Net Proceeds to meet our future capital requirements, fund our growth and for other purposes identified by our management would result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment.

**52. The objects of the Fresh Issue toward funding long-term working capital requirements of our Company is based on certain assumptions and estimates. Any failure in arranging adequate working capital for our operations may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions.**

Our business requires significant working capital, and the actual amount of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unanticipated expenses, economic conditions, growth in revenue, changes in the terms of our financing arrangements, additional market developments and new opportunities in the EPC sector. Set out below are details of our working capital requirements for the periods indicated below along with the percentage increase in the working capital during such period.

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Working capital requirements (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>8573.68</td><td>6504.47</td><td>5656.31</td></tr><tr><td>% increase in working capital over previous year</td><td>31.81</td><td>14.99</td><td>NA</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details of funding our working capital requirements, see “Objects of the Offer – funding long term working capital requirements of our Company” on page 118. Any delay in the Offer may impact the funding of our working capital requirements, and adversely affect our business, operations, cash flows and financial condition.

**53. The Offer includes an offer for sale of up to 10,00,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by the Promoter Selling Shareholder(s), and we will not receive any proceeds from such Offer for Sale portion.**

The Offer includes an offer for sale of up to [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by the Promoter Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder(s) and we will not receive any such proceeds. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale (net of expenses) will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholders and we will not receive any such proceeds. For details, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 108.

**54. Majority of our Directors do not have prior experience of holding a directorship in a company listed on the Stock Exchanges.**

Except for two of our Independent Directors, namely Anand Mohan Tiwari and Shikha Agarwal, our Directors do not have any prior experience in holding a directorship in a company listed on the Stock Exchanges. Our Board members have relevant experience in their respective fields, which benefits the Company, in strategizing the direction and vision of the Company.

Our Company will also be subject to compliance requirements under the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law post listing of the Equity Share on the Stock Exchanges. Our Board is capable of efficiently managing such compliance requirements by engaging professionals having expertise in managing such compliances.

**55. We incur significant employee benefits expense. An increase in employee costs, including on account of changes in regulations, may prevent us from maintaining our competitive advantage and may reduce our profitability.**

We incur various employee benefits expense, including salaries and bonus (including directors' remuneration), contribution to provident and other funds, staff welfare expenses, gratuity expense and compensated absences expense. During the, Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, our employee benefits expense amounted to ₹ 3,132.15 lakhs, ₹ 2,859.96 lakhs, and ₹ 1,871.09 lakhs, respectively, representing 11.21%, 15.64%, 15.56 %, respectively, of our revenue from operations for such periods. Salaries and wages may increase in the future due to various factors, including ordinary course pay increases, a raise in minimum wage levels, enhancement in social security measures, competition for talent or through changes in regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. For instance, such an increase may arise in India on the implementation by the Government of India of its labour codes, namely (i) the Code on Wages, 2019; (ii) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (iii) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working