SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 and such payment of processing fees to the SCSBs shall be made in compliance with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 (to the extent these have not been rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular, as applicable to RTAs) and the SEBI RTA Master Circular (as applicable to RTAs).

## Interim use of the Net Proceeds

Our Company, in accordance with applicable laws, policies established by our Board from time to time and in order to attain the Objects set out above, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Pending utilization of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in this section, our Company may only invest the Net Proceeds in deposits in one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, as may be approved by our Board. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, our Company confirms that, other than as specified in this section for the purposes of the Objects, it shall not use the Net Proceeds for buying, trading or otherwise dealing in equity securities or any equity linked securities.

## Appraising entity

None of the objects for which the Net Proceeds will be utilised have been financially appraised by any agency. For further details, see "Risk Factor - 50" on page 65.

## Bridge financing facilities

Our Company has not raised any bridge loans from any bank or financial institution as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, which are proposed to be repaid from the Net Proceeds.

## Monitoring of utilization of funds

Our Company will appoint a credit rating agency as the monitoring agency to monitor utilization of proceeds from the Fresh Issue, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC, in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Our Company undertakes to place the Gross Proceeds in a separate bank account which shall be monitored by the Monitoring Agency for utilization of the Gross Proceeds. Our Company undertakes to place the report(s) of the Monitoring Agency on receipt before the Audit Committee in accordance with the timelines prescribed under applicable laws. Our Company will disclose the utilization of the Gross Proceeds, including interim use, under a separate head in its balance sheet for such fiscal periods as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations and any other applicable laws or regulations, specifying the purposes for which the Gross Proceeds have been utilized. Our Company will also, in its balance sheet for the applicable fiscal periods, provide details, if any, in relation to all such Gross Proceeds that have not been utilized, if any, of such currently unutilized Gross Proceeds.

Pursuant to Regulation 32(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall, on a quarterly basis, disclose to the Audit Committee the uses and applications of the Net Proceeds, which shall discuss, monitor and approve the use of the Net Proceeds along with our Board. On an annual basis, our Company shall prepare a statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus and place it before the Audit Committee and make other disclosures as may be required until such time as the Net Proceeds remain unutilized. Such disclosure shall be made only until such time that all the Net Proceeds have been utilized in full. The statement prepared on an annual basis for utilization of the Net Proceeds shall be certified by the Statutory Auditors.

Furthermore, in accordance with Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall furnish to the Stock Exchanges on a quarterly basis, a statement indicating (i) deviations, if any, in the actual utilization of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue from the Objects; and (ii) details of category wise variations in the actual utilization of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue from the Objects. This information will also be published on our website.

## Variation in Objects

In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall not vary the Objects, without our Company being authorized to do so by its Shareholders by way of a special resolution. In addition, the notice issued to the Shareholders in relation to the passing of such special resolution shall specify the prescribed details and be published in accordance with the Companies Act. The notice shall simultaneously be published in the newspapers, one in English and one in Gujarati, being the regional language of the jurisdiction where our Registered Office is situated. Pursuant to the Companies Act, the Promoters and controlling Shareholders, as of the time of such proposed variation, will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and in accordance with such terms and conditions,