Our Company is not issuing any new financial instruments through this Offer.

**Restriction, if any, on transfer and transmission of Equity Shares and on their consolidation or splitting**

Except for lock-in of the pre-Offer capital of our Company, lock-in of the Minimum Promoter's Contribution and the Anchor Investor lock-in in the Offer as detailed in "Capital Structure" on page 95, and except as provided in our Articles of Association as detailed in "Description of Equity Shares and Terms of Articles of Association" on page 439, there are no restrictions on transfers and transmission of Equity Shares and on their consolidation/ splitting. Further, there are no restrictions on transmission of any shares/debentures of our Company and on their consolidation or splitting, except as provided in our Articles of Association.

**Withdrawal of the Offer**

Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, and each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders to the extent of their respective portion of the Equity Shares forming part of the Offer for sale, reserve the right not to proceed with the Offer, at any time after the Bid/Offer Opening Date but before the Allotment. In such an event, our Company would issue a public notice in the newspapers in which the pre-Offer advertisements were published, within two days of the withdrawal or such other time as may be prescribed by SEBI, providing reasons for not proceeding with the Offer and inform the Stock Exchanges promptly on which the Equity Shares are proposed to be listed. The Book Running Lead Manager through the Registrar to the Offer, shall notify the SCSBs and the Sponsor Bank(s), in case of UPI Bidders, to unblock the bank accounts of the ASBA Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) within one Working Day from the date of receipt of such notification and also inform the Bankers to the Offer to process refunds to the Anchor Investors, as the case may be. The notice of withdrawal will be issued in the same newspapers where the pre-Offer advertisements have appeared and the Stock Exchanges will also be informed promptly.

If our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLM withdraw the Offer after the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and thereafter determines that it will proceed with a public offering of the Equity Shares, our Company shall file a fresh draft red herring prospectus with SEBI. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Offer is also subject to obtaining (i) the final listing and trading approvals of the Stock Exchanges, which our Company shall apply for after Allotment; and (ii) the filing of the Prospectus with the RoC.