(2) Total estimated cost as per the Cost Vetting Report dated September 29, 2025 from Dun & Bradstreet.
(3) To be finalized upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.
(4) The amount utilized for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.
(5) Includes the proceeds, if any, received pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider an issue of Specified Securities, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), aggregating up to 20.00% of the fresh issue size at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

We intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects as disclosed in the table above, in accordance with the business needs of our Company. However, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including the timing of completion of the Offer, market conditions, our Board's analysis of economic trends and business requirements as well as general factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition. Depending upon such factors, we may have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects, at the discretion of our management, and in accordance with applicable laws. In the event that the estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled Fiscal is not completely met, including due to the reasons stated above, the same shall be utilized in the next Fiscal, as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. For further details, see "Risk Factors 50- Objects of the Fresh Issue for which the funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institutions. Any variation in the utilization of our Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders' approval" on page 65.

The above requirement of funds are based on our current business plan as approved by our Board of Directors pursuant to their resolution dated September 30, 2025, internal management estimates based on the prevailing market conditions, and also based on quotations obtained from certain vendors. These funding requirements or deployments have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment from time to time on account of various factors, such as change in costs, including due to inflation or increase in the rate of taxation, revision in quotations at the time of actual expenditure, change in financial and market conditions, our management's analysis of economic trends and our business requirements, changes in technology, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition, business and strategy and interest/exchange rate fluctuations or other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling (including preponing the deployment of Net Proceeds) and revising the funding requirement for a particular Object or increasing or decreasing the amounts earmarked towards any of the aforementioned Objects at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance with applicable law.

Subject to applicable laws, in the event of any increase in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the purposes set out above, such additional funds for a particular activity will be met by way of means available to us, including from internal accruals and any equity and/or debt arrangements. We believe that such alternate funding arrangements would be available to fund any such shortfalls at such time period. Further, if the actual utilization towards any of the stated objects is lower than the proposed deployment, the balance remaining may be utilized towards future growth opportunities, and/or towards funding any other purpose, and/or general corporate purposes, subject to applicable laws to the extent that the total amount to be utilized towards general corporate purposes will not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in compliance with the objectives as set out under *Details of the Objects—General corporate purposes*" on page 123 and will be consistent with the requirements of our business. The estimated schedule of deployment of Net Proceeds is indicative and our management may vary the amount to be utilized in a particular Fiscal at its discretion.

## Means of finance

The fund requirements for the Objects are proposed to be met entirely from the Net Proceeds and in case of a shortfall in the Net Proceeds or any increase in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the Objects, our Company shall utilize its internal accruals, therefore, there is no requirement to make firm arrangements of finance through verifiable means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, excluding the amount to be raised through the Fresh Issue or the existing identifiable accruals, as required under Regulation 7(1)(e) the SEBI ICDR Regulations and Paragraph 9(C)(1) of Part A of Schedule VI.