of Non-Institutional Portion in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Further, not less than 35% of the Offer will be available for allocation to Retail Individual Investors in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Under-subscription, if any, in any category, except the QIB Portion, would be met with spill-over from any other category or categories, as applicable, at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price and in accordance with applicable laws. Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories.

(3) In case of joint Bids, the Bid cum Application Form should contain only the name of the First Bidder whose name should also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such First Bidder would be required in the Bid cum Application Form and such First Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders.

(4) Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-In Date as indicated in the CAN. Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Promoter Selling Shareholders, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares, pursuant to the Offer.