<table><thead><tr><td>Promoter Selling Shareholder</td><td>Number of Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each</td><td>Acquisition price per Equity Share (in ₹)*</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</td><td>Up to 3,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs</td><td>0.24</td></tr></tbody></table>

*As certified by O.M.M.S & Associates, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, vide their certificate dated September 30, 2025.

For further details regarding the weighted average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholders and build-up of Equity Shares of the Promoter Selling Shareholders in our Company, see “Summary of Offer Document - Average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters” and “Capital Structure - Build-up of the shareholding of our Promoters in our Company”” on pages 31 and 100, respectively.

**80. Our Company has allotted bonus shares on July 25, 2025 in the proportion of 40:1, i.e., 40 (forty) Equity Share for every 1(one) Equity Share each held by existing equity Shareholders of the Company. There can be no assurance that our Company will be in a position to declare bonus issue in the future. Our ability to declare and issue bonus shares in the future may be affected by any material adverse effect on our future earnings, financial condition or cash flows.**

On July 25, 2025, our Company had allotted bonus shares in the ratio of 40 Equity Shares for every one Equity Share held by the Shareholders which was authorized by a resolution passed by the Shareholders at the EGM held on July 24, 2025 with the record date as July 18, 2025. For further details, see “Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company” on page 96.

The ability to declare and issue bonus shares depends on the availability of sufficient reserves, our Company's profitability, business plans, market conditions, investor expectations, current and proposed capital structure and compliance with applicable regulations at the time. There is no guarantee that our Company will be able to issue bonus shares in the future, as it will require the availability of adequate reserves and may be subject to legal requirements, and corporate approvals. Any future bonus issues could also impact our Company's financial flexibility and its ability to distribute profits in other forms. Based on the certificate dated September 30, 2025 issued by O.M.M.S & Associates, Chartered Accountants, the details of the free reserves utilized by our Company for the purposes of the bonus issue is set forth below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Amount (in ₹ lakhs)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Free reserves before the bonus issue</td><td>5,170.43</td></tr><tr><td>Amount utilised by the Company for bonus issue</td><td>2,400.00</td></tr><tr><td>Free reserves after the bonus issue</td><td>2,770.43</td></tr></tbody></table>

**81. Our Company has issued Equity Shares during the preceding one year at a price that may be below the Offer Price.**

In the preceding one year from the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price. The price at which Equity Shares have been issued by our Company in the preceding one year is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded after listing. For details on such allotments, see “Capital Structure” on page 95. The difference in the issue price for these private placements and the Offer Price may arise due to various factors, such as difference in valuation methodologies, regulatory guidelines / process / mode of issue and allotment of shares, potential liquidity and ease of salability of the allotted shares, category of investors, number of investors, amount of investment, negotiations with investors, and prevailing market conditions at the time of allotment. While the valuation for the private placements undertaken our Company is based on valuation reports used to determine the issue price, conversely, the Offer Price will be determined through the price discovery process under Book Building Process as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations, considering market demand for the Equity Shares being offered under the Offer and various quantitative and qualitative factors, as detailed in the "Basis for Offer Price" section on page 128 of this DRHP. Consequently, the valuation methodologies for these allotments are not directly comparable.

**82. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.**

Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse