scope and complexity of our operations as a result of any or a combination of the foregoing factors may have an adverse effect on our revenues, and our operating margins may also decline, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

**20. We are subject to strict quality requirements, and any failure by us, our subcontractors, suppliers, or customers to comply with such standards may lead to delays in project execution, cancellation of contracts, or exposure to potential liability claims.**

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to defects in construction quality, equipment procured, or materials used in our projects, which could result in personal injury, property damage, or financial loss. We may not be able to consistently meet regulatory standards, or the quality standards imposed by our customers, suppliers, or applicable to our operating processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

We are required to obtain approvals, certifications, and licenses for project quality verification and safety compliance. Our Company has obtained ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management Systems), ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health & Safety Management Systems) and ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management Systems) certifications, and our project sites are subject to rigorous quality control checks, accreditation requirements, periodic inspections, and customer audits from various authorities and customers. While we have not experienced any instances of material defect issues or failure to comply with quality standards in the last three fiscals, if any of our projects do not meet regulatory standards or are found defective, we may be, inter alia, (i) held responsible for damages relating to defective execution, (ii) required to repair, replace, or re-execute portions of the project, (iii) incur significant costs to defend such claims, or (iv) face restrictions in bidding for or executing future projects.

While there have not been any material claims or cancellation of contracts on account of quality issues resulting in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in the last three fiscals, there can be no assurance that this will continue in the future. Because of the long-life cycle of projects, latent defects might not appear for several years after completion. The failure by us or any of our suppliers or subcontractors to achieve or maintain compliance with quality requirements may disrupt our ability to complete projects in a timely manner, meet contractual obligations, or maintain our reputation. The quality of raw materials and equipment supplied has a direct impact on the successful execution of our projects, and any shortcomings in these areas could affect our brand image, business, and revenue.

Our failure to comply with applicable regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences, including penalties, fines, termination of contracts, disqualification from bidding processes, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, and reputational harm, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business. While there have been no such instances in the past three fiscals, we cannot assure you that such risks will not arise in the future. There can also be no assurance that if we need to engage new suppliers or subcontractors to satisfy project requirements, we will be able to identify and onboard them in compliance with regulatory and customer requirements in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to do so could lead to cancellation of contracts and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

**21. Trade receivables, deposit with bank held as margin money (including non-current), contract assets and inventories form a substantial part of our current assets and net worth. Failure to manage the same could have an adverse effect on our profitability, cash flow and liquidity.**

Our business is working capital intensive and hence, trade receivables, other current assets including contract assets, deposit with bank held as margin money (including non-current) and inventories form substantial part of our current assets and net worth. For the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, our trade receivables, contract assets, deposits with banks held as margin money (including non-current) and inventories, on an aggregate basis, constituted approximately the following percentages of our total assets, as set forth in the table below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Gross Amount</th><th>% of Total Assets</th><th>Gross Amount</th><th>% of Total Assets</th><th>Gross Amount</th><th>% of Total Assets</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Trade Receivables</td><td>9011.20</td><td>60.01</td><td>6989.09</td><td>59.31</td><td>5781.65</td><td>54.99</td></tr><tr><td>Contract Assets (Net)</td><td>344.15</td><td>2.29</td><td>82.33</td><td>0.70</td><td>107.46</td><td>1.02</td></tr><tr><td>Deposit with bank held as</td><td>2740.01</td><td>18.25</td><td>2239.06</td><td>19.00</td><td>2080.37</td><td>19.79</td></tr></tbody></table>