## SECTION II: RISK FACTORS

An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only risks that we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on our business. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could suffer, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually.

The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are risks where the effect is not quantifiable and hence have not been disclosed in the applicable risk factors. Prospective investors should read this section together with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 225, 145 and 354, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors should rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries.

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties where actual results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 22.

Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Information on page 288. Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular fiscal year are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year.

Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the report titled, “Industry Report on EPC in Power Transmission Infrastructure” dated September 29, 2025 (“D&B Report”) prepared by Dun & Bradstreet, appointed by our Company pursuant to an contract agreement dated September 29, 2025, and such D&B Report has been commissioned by and paid for by our Company, exclusively in connection with the Offer. The D&B Report is available on the website of our Company at www.ompowertransmission.com. The data included herein includes excerpts from the D&B Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for this Offer), that has been left out or changed in any manner. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the D&B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 19.

Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the D&B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year.

### INTERNAL RISK FACTORS

1. **Majority of our projects have been awarded through competitive bidding process. Failure to qualify for, compete or win new contracts could negatively impact our business, potentially affecting our financial condition, operational results, growth prospects, and cash flow stability.**

We are an engineering, procurement and construction (“EPC”) company, in the power transmission infrastructure sector, with experience in delivering high-voltage (“HV”) and extra-high voltage (“EHV”) transmission line projects and substations.

Majority of our projects are primarily awarded through a competitive bidding process, and our business depends on our ability to bid for and be awarded contracts for projects by project owners. Our Company primarily participates in such bidding processes through continuous monitoring of government websites and tender portals, enabling us to identify and pursue suitable opportunities. If any of such project is of interest to us, we evaluate our credentials considering the eligibility criteria specified for the project. We endeavour to qualify on our own for projects that are of interest. In the event that we do not qualify due to eligibility requirements, we may seek to form project-specific joint ventures with other relevant experienced and qualified contractors and manufacturers. Once we pre-qualify for a bid, tender documents are submitted to the project owner. We then submit a financial