DIVIDEND POLICY

The declaration and payment of dividends on our Equity Shares, if any, will be recommended by our Board and approved by the Shareholders of our Company, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and the applicable laws including the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules notified thereunder, each as amended, together with the applicable rules issued thereunder.

The dividend payable, if any, will depend on a number of internal and external factors, including but not limited to profits earned or distributable surplus during the Fiscal, accumulated reserves including retained earnings, cash flows, debt repayment schedules, if any, and external factors including, but not limited to the macro-economic environment, regulatory changes and technological changes.

Our Board shall recommend or declare dividend as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and any other applicable laws. Interim dividend shall be paid on declaration of the same by our Board and the final dividend will be paid on the approval of Shareholders at a general meeting. Our Company has adopted a formal policy on dividend declaration pursuant to resolution of board of directors dated September 16, 2025.

Our Company has not declared any dividends during the last three Fiscals and until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, on the Equity Shares. The past trend in relation to our payment of dividends is not necessarily indicative of our dividend trend or dividend policy, in the future. For details in relation to risks involved in this regard, please refer to "Risk Factors - 57. Our Company has not paid dividends during the last three Fiscals and during the current Fiscal. There can be no assurance that our Company will be in a position to pay dividends in the future. Our ability to pay dividends in the future may be affected by any material adverse effect on our future earnings, financial condition or cash flows." on page 67.