<table><thead><tr><td>Sr No.</td><td>Metric</td><td>Unit</td><td>Formula</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>12.</td><td>EBITDA Margin</td><td>(In %)</td><td>EBITDA Margin (%) is computed by dividing EBITDA by total income and multiplying by 100</td></tr><tr><td>13.</td><td>Return on Equity (RoE)</td><td>(In %)</td><td>Return on Equity (%) is calculated by dividing profit after tax (PAT) by total equity and multiplying by 100.</td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>Return on Capital Employed (RoCE)</td><td>(In %)</td><td>ROCE is calculated as operating EBIT as a percentage of capital employed. EBIT is calculated as Restated profit before share of profit/(loss) tax plus Finance Costs. Capital employed is the sum of tangible net worth plus net debt, where tangible net worth is calculated as total equity minus goodwill, intangible assets, and deferred tax assets, plus deferred tax liabilities.</td></tr><tr><td>15.</td><td>Net Capital Turnover Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>Net capital turnover ratio is calculated by dividing net sales by average working capital. Net sales are total sales minus sales returns, and working capital is calculated as current assets minus current liabilities (excluding short-term borrowings).</td></tr><tr><td>16.</td><td>Order Book</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>The order book indicates the estimated billing from the unexecuted portions of all existing contracts of the Company as of a specific date.</td></tr><tr><td>17.</td><td>Order Inflow</td><td>(₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>Order inflow represents the total value of new customer orders received by the Company within a specific period.</td></tr><tr><td>18.</td><td>Number of Projects Completed</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>This metric refers to the total count of projects that have been fully completed and delivered within a specified time frame</td></tr><tr><td>19.</td><td>Number of Projects ongoing</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>Number of Ongoing Projects represents the total projects that are active and not yet completed during a specific period. It is calculated by counting all projects in execution, excluding those closed or fully delivered.</td></tr><tr><td>20.</td><td>Number of Customers</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>Number of Customers represents total number of unique customers served in respective period.</td></tr><tr><td>21.</td><td>Book to Bill Ratio</td><td>(In Times)</td><td>The book-to-bill ratio is the ratio of the total value of new orders received (bookings) to the total value of orders shipped and billed in the same period.</td></tr><tr><td>22.</td><td>Project Win Rate</td><td>(In %)</td><td>The project win rate (%) is the percentage of projects successfully secured out of the total number of project opportunities pursued.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## I. Description on the historic use of the KPIs by our Company to analyze, track or monitor the operational and/or financial performance of our Company

In evaluating our business, we consider and use certain KPIs, as presented above, as a supplemental measure to review and assess our financial and operating performance. The presentation of these KPIs are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the Restated Financial Information. We use these KPIs to evaluate our financial and operating performance. Some of these KPIs are not defined under Ind AS and are not presented in accordance with Ind AS. These KPIs have limitations as analytical tools. Further, these KPIs may differ from the similar information used by other companies and hence their comparability may be limited. Therefore, these metrics should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to Ind AS measures of performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or results of operation. Although these KPIs are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company's management believes that it provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating our ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing our financial results with other companies in our industry because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance, when taken collectively with financial measures prepared in accordance with Ind AS.

For details of our other operating metrics disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, see sections titled “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” starting on pages 225 and 354, respectively. We have described and defined the KPIs, as applicable, in “Definitions and Abbreviations – Technical Industry related terms” on page 15. Bidders are encouraged to review the Ind AS financial measures and not to rely on any single financial or operational metric to evaluate our business.

### Description of the KPIs