<table><thead><tr><td>Date of Amendment</td><td>Details of the modifications</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>December 01, 2011</td><td>Clause V of the MoA was amended to reflect the increase in our authorised share capital from ₹1,00,000/- divided into 10,000 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each to ₹1,00,00,000/- divided into 10,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">July 24, 2025</td><td>Clause V of the MoA was amended to reflect the increase in our authorised share capital from ₹1,00,00,000/- divided into 10,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each to ₹36,00,00,000/- divided into 3,60,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each.</td></tr><tr><td>Amendment to Clause III(A) of the Memorandum of Association to reflect change in the objects of our Company to include –</td></tr><tr><td>“THE OBJECTS TO BE PURSUED BY THE COMPANY: ON ITS INCORPORATION”</td></tr><tr><td>Amendment to Clause III(B) of the Memorandum of Association to reflect change in the objects of our Company to include –</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">September 08, 2025</td><td>“MATTERS WHICH ARE NECESSARY FOR FURTHERANCE OF THE OBJECTS SPECIFIED IN CLAUSE III (A)”</td></tr><tr><td>In order to align with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, our incidental or ancillary objects set out in Clause III (C) of the Memorandum of Association were deleted and consolidated in Clause III (B) of the objects clause.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Clause I of the MoA was amended to reflect the change in name of our Company from ‘Om Power Transmission Private Limited’ to ‘Om Power Transmission Limited’, pursuant to the conversion of our Company into a public limited company.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Major events and milestones of our Company

<table><thead><tr><td>Financial Year</td><td>Details of major milestone/ events</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2011</td><td>Incorporation of our Company as a private company on June 29, 2011 under the name and style of ‘Om Power Transmission Private Limited’.</td></tr><tr><td>2014</td><td>Our Company commenced operations in the operation and maintenance (“O&M”) segment with the award of an O&M contract for Fifty-Two 66 kV sub-stations in the State of Gujarat.</td></tr><tr><td>2015</td><td>Our Company commenced execution of EPC contracts for underground cabling works with the award of a project involving a 66 kV double circuit (D/C) overhead transmission line including 66 kV underground cable of 18.652 RKM in length.</td></tr><tr><td>2020</td><td>Our Company crossed the revenue milestone of ₹ 10,000 lakhs, achieving Revenue from Operations (Net) of ₹ 11,084.10 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>2024</td><td>Our Company crossed the revenue milestone of ₹ 18,000 lakhs, achieving Revenue from Operations of ₹18,301 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>2025</td><td>Our Company crossed the revenue milestone of ₹ 27,500 lakhs, achieving Revenue from Operations of ₹ 27,943.51 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>2025</td><td>Awarded our first project in the State of Punjab for the execution of 66 kV transmission infrastructure works under the Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme., on a full turnkey basis, for a contract value of ₹ 8,884.89 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>2025</td><td>Awarded our first project in the State of Rajasthan for the construction of a 220/132 kV, 1x200 MVA sub-station at Lamba Jatan, District Nagaur, along with associated bay work, on a turnkey basis, for a contract value of ₹ 3,361.06 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>2025</td><td>Conversion of our Company from a private limited company to a public limited company.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Awards, accreditations and recognitions received by our Company

<table><thead><tr><td>Calendar Year</td><td>Award / Accreditation / Recognition</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2016</td><td>Registration with Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Limited (“GETCO”) as a Class ‘AA’ contractor for line erection works.</td></tr><tr><td>2017</td><td>Awarded as best EPC Company 2015-17 by GETCO in the 9th Vendor Conference held on September 23, 2017.</td></tr></tbody></table>