maintain insurance to cover any kind of unforeseen risks at the project sites in form of workmen compensation policy in relation to employees/workers working at site/offices.

While we had filed an insurance claim in respect of the aforementioned litigation, the same was not allowed as per the terms and conditions of the Insurance provider. There can be no assurance that no such claims will be made in the future and if made whether such claims will be allowed which would adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.

45. We rely on third party logistics providers for transportation of our products and machines to the project site or distribution to our customers. Any delay or disruption or refusal by our third-party logistics providers in timely delivery of our products may affect our business, results of operations and cash flow adversely.

We own some trucks, containers, commercial vehicles and typically use third-party logistics providers for all our domestic transportation needs and as a result incur considerable expenditure.

We have incurred freight and other related expenses (including plant machinery hire charges and transportation charges), details of which are set out below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Freight and other expenses (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>53.69</td><td>24.59</td><td>20.75</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage contribution of freight and other expenses towards the total expenses</td><td>0.21%</td><td>0.14%</td><td>0.18%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Since our projects are subject to completion within prescribed timelines under our EPC contracts, our customers rely significantly on timely deliveries of our projects and any delays in transportation of key materials to our project sites can lead to our customers delaying or refusing to pay the amount, in part or full, that we expect to be paid in respect of such project.

Any service disruption by the logistics service providers as a result of a failure or disruption of their facilities or equipment, technological issues, lower capacity and congestion during peak, shipment volume periods, force majeure, prolonged power outage, third-party sabotages, disputes, employee delinquencies or strikes (including port led strikes), poor port management, political instability, government inspections or regulatory orders mandating service halt or temporary or permanent shutdowns could adversely impact our business operations. While we have not faced disruptions in our operations once account of any of these factors in the past, such eventualities in the future may adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows.

46. We rely on third parties, including sub-contractors for equipment and contract labour agencies, to complete our projects and any failure arising from non-performance, delayed performance or inadequate quality in the performance of work by such third parties, or a failure by third-party contract labour agencies to comply with applicable laws, to obtain the necessary approvals, or provide services on agreed terms, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows

We are typically engaged as a principal contractor for the construction of a project, and we rely on contract labour agencies to complete a certain portion of our work. For the Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, our sub-contracting charges amounted to ₹6,695.78 lakhs, ₹3,878.88 lakhs, and ₹3,561.63 lakhs, respectively, representing 26.68%, 22.18%, and 31.23%, respectively, of our total expenses.

For further details, see "Restated Financial Information" on page 288. We also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide the equipment and materials used for construction of our projects.

Engaging contract labour agencies is subject to certain risks, including difficulties in overseeing performance, delays which may arise on account of being unable to hire suitable subcontractors, or losses as a result of unexpected sub-contracting cost overruns. Since contract labour agencies have no direct contractual relationship with our customers, we are subject to risks associated with non-performance, late performance or poor performance by our contract labour agencies. As a result, we may incur additional costs, or be exposed to liability arising from poor performance by subcontractors, which may impact our business, reputation and profitability, and may result in litigation or other claims against us. While we may attempt to seek compensation from the relevant subcontractors, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in such a claim.

Further, if contract labour agencies engaged by us fail to obtain government or third-party approvals, we may be subject to claims by government authorities or third parties. In addition, if we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find competent equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a