properties on our project sites to set-up site offices basis the requirements of the projects, storage of raw materials and placement of machinery and equipment as well as camp sites, as required from time to time. Some of our properties are taken on leasehold basis from related parties, details of which are provided below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Date of Agreement</td><td>Lessor</td><td>Lessee</td><td>Address of Property</td><td>Tenure of Lease</td><td>Consideration per month (in ₹ lakh)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Leave and License Deed dated August 27, 2025</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</td><td>Company</td><td>A02- Shreeji Exotica, Ognaj Circle to Santej Road, Santej, Ahmedabad-382721</td><td>11 months commencing from August 01, 2025 till June 30, 2026</td><td>0.45</td></tr><tr><td>Leave and License Deed dated August 27, 2025</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</td><td>Company</td><td>Shed No. 35, Shivam Industrial Estate-4 Chandogar, Ahmedabad</td><td>11 months commencing from August 01, 2025 till June 30, 2026</td><td>0.35</td></tr><tr><td>Leave and License Deed dated August 27, 2025</td><td>Kanubhai Patel</td><td>Company</td><td>Plot No. 94, Shri Hari Om Industrial Estate, Gozaria-382825</td><td>11 months commencing from August 01, 2025 till June 30, 2026</td><td>0.60</td></tr></tbody></table>

Following is the list of properties owned by our Company which are used for the purpose of storage of raw material, guest houses and have been given on a rental basis to third parties. The details of such properties are provided below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Address of Property as per Sale Deed or Rent Agreement/Lease Deed</td><td>Area (Sq. Mtr)</td><td>Use of Premise</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>707, 7th Floor, Fortune Business Hub, Sola, Science City Road, Ahmedabad - 380060</td><td>75.42</td><td>Part of Registered and Corporate Office</td></tr><tr><td>B-103, Dream Heaven, Ajwa Road, Bakrol, Taluka-Waghodiya, Dist-Vadodara</td><td>132.12</td><td>Guest House</td></tr><tr><td>SHED NO. 33, Shivam Industrial Estate-4 Changodar, Ahmedabad</td><td>81.00</td><td>Godown</td></tr><tr><td>SHED NO. 34, Shivam Industrial Estate-4 Changodar, Ahmedabad</td><td>81.00</td><td>Godown</td></tr><tr><td>B-16, Galaxy Signature, Opp. Hetarth Party Plot, Science City Road, Sola, Ahmedabad</td><td>119.00</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>Plot No. 6, Village: Khatraj, Tal: Kalol, Dist: Gandhinagar</td><td>156.30</td><td>Godown</td></tr><tr><td>Show Room No. 106, Earth Essence, Zydus Hospital Road, Thaltej, Ahmedabad</td><td>70.31</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>Show Room No. 107, Earth Essence, Zydus Hospital Road, Thaltej, Ahmedabad</td><td>79.46</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>401 to 403, Pehel lakeview, Near Vaishnodevi circle, Ahmedabad</td><td>131.4</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>404 to 407, Pehel lakeview, Near Vaishnodevi circle, Ahmedabad</td><td>167.25</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>408 to 411, Pehel lakeview, Near Vaishnodevi circle, Ahmedabad</td><td>160.54</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>412 to 414, Pehel lakeview, Near Vaishnodevi circle, Ahmedabad</td><td>121.35</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>Office No. 1005, D & C Phoenix, Vijay Cross Road, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad</td><td>27.91</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr><tr><td>Office No. 1007, D & C Phoenix, Vijay Cross Road, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad</td><td>78.74</td><td>Given on lease</td></tr></tbody></table>