# SECTION III: INTRODUCTION

## THE OFFER

The following table summarizes details of the Offer:

<table><tr><td><strong>Offer of Equity Shares<sup>(1) (2) *^</sup></strong></td><td>Up to 1,00,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td><em>Of which:</em></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><em>Fresh Issue<sup>(1)</sup></em></td><td>Up to 90,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs</td></tr><tr><td><em>Offer for Sale<sup>(2)</sup></em></td><td>Up to 10,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs by the Promoter Selling Shareholders</td></tr><tr><td><strong>A) QIB Portion<sup>(3) (4)</sup></strong></td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td><em>Of which:</em></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><em>(i) Anchor Investor Portion<sup>(3)</sup></em></td><td>Up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each.</td></tr><tr><td><em>(ii) Net QIB Portion available for allocation to QIBs other than Anchor Investors (assuming Anchor Investor Portion is fully subscribed)</em></td><td>[●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each.</td></tr><tr><td><em>Of which:</em></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><em>(a) Available for allocation to Mutual Funds only (5% of the Net QIB Portion)</em></td><td>[●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each.</td></tr><tr><td><em>(b) Balance for all QIBs including Mutual Funds</em></td><td>[●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td><strong>B) Non-Institutional Portion<sup>(4) (5)</sup></strong></td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs</td></tr><tr><td><em>Of which:</em></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><em>(a) One-third of the Non-Institutional Portion available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 2.00 lakhs and up to ₹ 10.00 lakhs</em></td><td>[●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td><em>(b) Two-third of the Non-Institutional Portion available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 10.00 lakhs</em></td><td>[●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td><strong>C) Retail Portion</strong></td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Pre and post-Offer Equity Shares</strong></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><em>Equity Shares outstanding prior to the Offer (as at the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus)</em></td><td>2,66,70,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td><em>Equity Shares outstanding after the Offer</em></td><td>[●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Use of Net Proceeds of the Offer</strong></td><td>See “Objects of the Offer” on page 108 for information about the use of the Proceeds arising from the Offer.</td></tr></table>

*Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.

^Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider an issue of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC (“Pre-IPO Placement”). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the Objects of the Offer in compliance with applicable law. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20.00% of the Fresh Issue size. Our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

^Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.

(1) The Offer has been authorized by our Board pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on September 16,2025, and the by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed at their EGM held on September 17,2025. Further, our Board has