to be a Director of the Company and may empower such Trustees, holder of debentures or debenture-stocks, from time to time, to remove and re-appoint any Director so appointed. The Director appointed under this Article is herein referred to as "Debenture Director" and the term "Debenture Director" means the Director for the time being in office under this Article. The Debenture Director shall not be bound to hold any qualification shares and shall not be liable to retire by rotation or be removed by the Company. The Trust Deed may contain such ancillary provisions as may be arranged between the Company and the Trustees and all such provisions shall have effect notwithstanding any other provisions herein contained.

## 103. Corporation/Nominee Director

a. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Articles, so long as any moneys remain owing by the Company the any finance corporation or credit corporation or body, (herein after in this Article referred to as "The Corporation") out of any loans granted by them to the Company or as long as any liability of the Company arising out of any guarantee furnished by the Corporation, on behalf of the Company remains defaulted, or the Company fails to meet its obligations to pay interest and/or installments, the Corporation shall have right to appoint from time to time any person or person as a Director or Directors (which Director or Directors is/are hereinafter referred to as "Nominee Director(s)") on the Board of the Company and to remove from such office any person so appointed, any person or persons in his or their place(s).

b. The Board of Directors of the Company shall have no power to remove from office the Nominee Director/s as long as such default continues. Such Nominee Director/s shall not be required to hold any share qualification in the Company, and such Nominee Director/s shall not be liable to retirement by rotation of Directors. Subject as aforesaid, the Nominee Director/s shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges and be subject to the same obligations as any other Director of the Company.

The Nominee Director/s appointed shall hold the said office as long as any moneys remain owing by the Company to the Corporation or the liability of the Company arising out of the guarantee is outstanding and the Nominee Director/s so appointed in exercise of the said power shall ipso facto vacate such office immediately the moneys owing by the Company to the Corporation are paid off or on the satisfaction of the liability of the Company arising out of the guarantee furnished by the Corporation.

The Nominee Director/s appointed under this Article shall be entitled to receive all notices of and attend all General Meetings, and of the Meeting of the Committee of which the Nominee Director/s is/are member/s.

The Corporation shall also be entitled to receive all such notices. The Company shall pay to the Nominee Director/s sitting fees and expenses to which the other Director/s of the Company are entitled, but if any other fee, commission, monies or remuneration in any form is payable to the Director/s of the Company, the fee, commission, monies and remuneration in relation to such Nominee Director/s shall accrue to the Corporation and the same shall accordingly be paid by the Company directly to the Corporation. Any expenses that may be incurred by the Corporation or such Nominee Director/s in connection with their appointment to Directorship shall also be paid or reimbursed by the Company to the Corporation or, as the case may be, to such Nominee Director/s.

Provided that if any such Nominee Director/s is an officer of the Corporation, the sitting fees, in relation to such Nominee Director/s shall so accrue to the Corporation and the same shall accordingly be paid by the Company directly to the Corporation.

c. The Corporation may at any time and from time to time remove any such Corporation Director appointed by it and may at the time of such removal and also in the case of death or resignation of the person so appointed, at any time appoint any other person as a Corporation Director in his place. Such appointment or removal shall be made in writing signed by the Chairman or Joint Chairman of the Corporation or any person and shall be delivered to the Company at its registered office. It is clarified that every Corporation entitled to appoint a Director under this Article may appoint such number of persons as Directors as may be authorised by the Directors of the Company, subject to Section 152 of the Act and so that the number does not exceed 1/3 of the maximum fixed under Article 93.