(The extent of underwriting obligations and the Bids to be underwritten in the Offer shall be as per the Underwriting Agreement. The Underwriting Agreement has not been executed as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This portion has been intentionally left blank and will be filled in before filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, upon the execution of the Underwriting Agreement.)

<table><thead><tr><td>Name, address, telephone number and e-mail address of the Underwriters</td><td>Indicative Number of Equity Shares to be Underwritten</td><td>Amount Underwritten (₹ in lakhs)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

The above- mentioned underwriting commitment is indicative and will be finalized after determination of the Offer Price and actual allocation subject to the provisions of Regulation 40(3) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

In the opinion of our Board (based on a certificate given by the Underwriters), the resources of the abovementioned Underwriters are sufficient to enable them to discharge their respective underwriting obligations in full. The Underwriters are registered with SEBI under Section 12 (1) of the SEBI Act or registered as merchant bankers with SEBI or as brokers with the Stock Exchange(s). Our Board of Directors, at its meeting held on [•], approved the acceptance and entering into the Underwriting Agreement mentioned above on behalf of our Company.

Notwithstanding the table above, the BRLM and the Syndicate Members shall be responsible for ensuring payment with respect to the Equity Shares allocated to the Bidders procured by them in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement. Subject to the applicable laws and pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the BRLM will be responsible for bringing in the amount devolved in the event that the Syndicate Members do not fulfil their underwriting obligations.