### 3. Funding long-term working capital requirement of our Company

We are a power transmission infrastructure engineering, procurement, and construction ("EPC") company with over 14 years of experience. Our expertise lies in the execution of high-voltage ("HV") and extra-high voltage ("EHV") transmission lines, substations and underground cabling projects delivered on a turnkey basis, encompassing design, engineering, supply, erection, installation, testing, commissioning, and comprehensive operation and maintenance ("O&M") services. Since commencement of our operations in 2011 in the State of Gujarat, we have commissioned transmission lines, substations and underground cables, covering in aggregate over 1,000 circuit kilometers ("CKM") of transmission lines and 11 substations respectively. Our EPC capabilities extend to transmission lines ranging from 11 kilovolts ("kV") to 400 kV and substations up to 220 kV.

In the transmission infrastructure EPC sector, our company operates in project-based environment, whereby we regularly participate in various governments and private sector tenders. In the industry which we operate, order book is considered as an indicator of future performance since it represents a committed portion of anticipated future revenue. (Source: D&B Report). As of August 31, 2025, our unexecuted Order Book comprised 56 projects amounting to ₹77,619.35 lakhs, including 50 EPC projects and 6 O&M contracts. In addition to the same, we have already done bidding for 6 projects amounting to ₹22,921.12 lakhs as on August 31, 2025, outcome of which is awaited. Historically, our Project win rate is 40.58%, 43.75% and 46.05% for fiscal year 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively. The table below sets forth the details of Bids made, bids awarded and success ratio for the period indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Particulars</th><th rowspan="3">Unit</th><th colspan="3">Om Power Transmission Limited</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">For the year and as at</th></tr><tr><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Bids Made</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>69.00</td><td>64.00</td><td>76.00</td></tr><tr><td>Number of Bids Awarded</td><td>(In Numbers)</td><td>28.00</td><td>28.00</td><td>35.00</td></tr><tr><td>Project Win Rate</td><td>(In %)</td><td>40.58%</td><td>43.75%</td><td>46.05%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Our order book has increased significantly over the past years from ₹20,989.11 lakhs in Fiscal 2023 to ₹44,168.84 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, showing CAGR of 45.06%. This significant growth in our order book has also resulted in increase of our revenue from operations from ₹12,023.63 lakhs in Fiscal 2023 to ₹27,943.51 lakhs in Fiscal 2025.

Our company's working capital requirement is dependent on multiple factors including tenure of project, number of projects in hand, number of projects to be submitted for bidding, complexity of the project, terms and conditions of the project including requirements of bank guarantees to be furnished. Some of the key factors for high working capital are mentioned below:

#### Lifecycle of Project

Our company primarily operates in four verticals; (i) transmission line EPC project; (ii) substation EPC project; (iii) underground cabling project; and (iv) operation and maintenance for substations and transmission lines. Our EPC project is inherently long-cycle in nature, often spanning 6 months to 36 months or more from initial engineering through procurement and site execution. However, we may face delay in execution of our projects due to non-receipt of government approval, execution of projects during monsoon season, complex execution process, terrain of the project and shortage of required raw materials for execution of project.

Our billing for particular project is linked to percentage of completion of work. As and when the works gets completed, Our Company have credit period of 30-45 days. Our clients are primarily Government entities and Private sector entities. While the credit risk is low in the contracts awarded by government entities, the payment cycles are long, often involving multiple approvals and procedural delays. Additionally, we have to give substantial advances to our suppliers for procurement raw material, mobilize site teams, rent heavy equipment, set up site infrastructure before receiving payment from our customers for the completion of work.

This cycle leads to higher working capital, especially in the early and intermediate stages of execution, where expenses significantly precede revenue recognition. Till completion of project, Our Company receives payments based on work completion, while 20% of the contract amount is being retained by customer as retention money, in case of government projects. While, in case of private customers retention money stands around 10% of the contract amount, which can be released against bank guarantee backed by fixed deposits. For Government clients, retention money gets released in the following manner: (i) Supply Portion Retention Money: 10% of the retention money gets released on use of the material supplied for the execution of the project and remaining 10% of the retention money gets released against closure of final billing; and (ii) Service Portion Retention Money: 10% of the retention money gets released against completion of work as and when completed, while remaining 10% of the retention money gets released against closure of final billing.