As of Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, our trade receivables amounted to ₹ 9,011.20 lakhs, 6,989.09 lakhs, and ₹ 5,781.65 lakhs, respectively, out of which ₹861.99 lakhs, ₹ 1367.77 lakhs, and ₹ 487.46 lakhs, aggregating to 9.57%, 19.57%, and 8.43%, respectively, of our total trade receivables (excluding expected credit loss allowance) had been outstanding for a period exceeding six months from their respective due dates of payments from their respective due dates of payments. The details of receivables pending beyond the receivables period offered by the Company are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Fiscal Year</td><td>Receivables pending beyond a period of six months (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>Percentage of receivables pending beyond a period of six months (%)*</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2025</td><td>861.99</td><td>9.57</td></tr><tr><td>2024</td><td>1367.77</td><td>19.57</td></tr><tr><td>2023</td><td>487.46</td><td>8.43</td></tr></tbody></table>

*as a % of total receivables

Arbitration, litigation or other dispute resolution proceedings could also arise from additional payments claimed from customers for additional work and costs incurred in excess of the contract price or amounts not included in the contract price. For details in relation to ageing of our trade receivables, see “Restated Financial Information – Note 44.2.1 - Trade Receivables” on page 336.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to collect our receivables on time or at all, which could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. We may also incur costs in collecting payments from our customers and we may not be able to recover such costs. We require significant working capital requirements in our business operations and such delays in the collection of receivables or inadequate recovery on our claims could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

3. Our business is primarily dependent on tenders from public sector undertakings, which account for approximately 84.21%, 87.48% and 65.77% of our Order Book for the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. However, delays or a lack of tenders from public sector undertakings, along with adverse changes in government policies, could materially impact our business through contract foreclosures, terminations, restructurings, or renegotiations, affecting our operations and financial performance.

We derive a substantial portion of our business from contracts awarded by public sector undertakings (“PSUs”) in Gujarat. For the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, our revenue from operations derived from PSUs accounted for 74.92%, 56.90% and 59.43%, of which revenue from GETCO contributed 50.41%, 42.00% and 42.68% respectively. As of August 31, 2025, our Order Book was ₹ 77,619.35 lakhs, of which 86.14% comprised projects with PSUs. Any reduction in orders or adverse change in procurement policies of such PSUs, or our inability to win future bids with these entities, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and growth prospects. In the event any one or more of these customers cease to release tenders, our business may be adversely affected. The table below sets out details of the contribution to our Order Book by our customer category, as of the dates mentioned:

(Amount in ₹ lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Category of customers</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Gross Amount</th><th>% of Order Book value</th><th>Gross Amount</th><th>% of Order Book value</th><th>Gross Amount</th><th>% of Order Book value</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Public sector undertakings <sup>(1)</sup></td><td>37,195.05</td><td>84.21%</td><td>45,105.72</td><td>87.48%</td><td>13,804.38</td><td>65.77%</td></tr><tr><td>Private sector</td><td>6,973.80</td><td>15.79%</td><td>6,455.23</td><td>12.52%</td><td>7,184.71</td><td>34.23%</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>44,168.85</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>51,560.95</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>20,989.09</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Comprises state utilities and government entities.

There can be no assurance that the state government will continue to place emphasis on the sectors, where we operate. In the event of an adverse change in budgetary allocations or a downturn in available work for such sectors resulting from a change in government policies or priorities, our business prospects and our financial performance may be adversely affected. Contracts with PSUs and government agencies may be subject to extensive internal processes, policy changes, government or external budgetary allocation, insufficiency of funds and political pressure, which may lead to a lower number of contracts available for bidding, an increase in the time gap between invitation for bids and award of the contract, a renegotiation of the terms of these contracts after they are awarded, or delays in payments against our invoices. Further, in relation to such contracts, we may be subject to additional