<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Closing Date shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, and also be notified on the websites of the BRLM and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank(s), which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same newspapers in which the Bid/Offer Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/Offer Opening Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids for the Offer, being [●], which shall be published in all editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all editions of [●], a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper and [●] editions of [●], Gujarati daily newspaper (Gujarati being the regional language of Gujarat, where the Registered and Corporate Office is located)</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Offer Period</td><td>Except in relation to Bids by Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/Offer Opening Date and the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. Provided that the Bidding shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor Investors.<br/>In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company may, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/ Offer Period for a minimum of three Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidder</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied, includes an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding Centers</td><td>Centers at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms, i.e., Designated SCSB Branches for SCSBs, Specified Locations for Syndicate, Broker Centers for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Building Process</td><td>Book building process, as provided in Part A, Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the Offer is being made.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Running Lead Manager/ BRLM/Manager</td><td>The book running lead manager to the Offer namely, Beeline Capital Advisors Private Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Broker Centers</td><td>Broker Centers of the Registered Brokers where ASBA Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms, provided that UPI Bidders may only submit ASBA Forms at such broker Centers if they are Bidding using the UPI Mechanism. The details of such broker Centers, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers, are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>Beeline</td><td>Beeline Capital Advisors Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>CAN/ Confirmation of Allocation Note</td><td>Notice or intimation of allocation of the Equity Shares sent to Anchor Investors, who have been allocated the Equity Shares, on/after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Cap Price</td><td>The higher end of the Price Band, above which the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price will not be finalised and above which no Bids will be accepted, including any revisions thereof. The Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and shall be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Cash Escrow and Sponsor Bank(s) Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into amongst our Company, the Promoter Selling Shareholders, the Registrar to the Offer, the BRLM, the Syndicate Members and Banker(s) to the Offer for collection of the Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors, transfer of funds to the Public Offer Account(s) and where applicable remitting refunds, if any, to Bidders, on the terms and conditions thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Client ID</td><td>Client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to the Bidder's beneficiary account.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Depository Participant/ CDP</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of the SEBI circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015, and the SEBI UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI and as per the list available on</td></tr></tbody></table>

5