<table><tr><td rowspan="7">Other Terms and Conditions/ Perquisites and allowances of expenses</td><td><ul><li>House rent allowance at the rate 100% of the Basic Salary.</li><li>Premium not to exceed Rs. 1,00,000/- per annum for personal accident insurance covering him and his spouse.</li><li>Premium not to exceed Rs. 4,00,000/- per annum for savings-linked/ non linked life insurance plan(s).</li><li>Contribution to Provident Fund, Super Annuation Fund or Annuity Fund.</li><li>Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month's salary for each completed year of service</li><li>Reimbursement of all entertainment, traveling, hotel and other expenses incurred by the Executive Director during the course of and in connection with the business of the Company.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Such other perquisites and allowances as may be decided by the Board of Directors of our Company from time to time (which includes any committees thereof).</td></tr></table>

## Kanubhai Patel

Kanubhai Patel is the Managing Director, and one of the Promoters of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since incorporation. He was appointed as the Managing Director of our Company pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board dated July 25, 2025, and the resolution passed by our Shareholders' dated August 06, 2025, for a period of 3 years with effect from August 06, 2025.

According to the resolution of the Board dated July 25, 2025 and the Shareholders' resolution dated August 06, 2025, he is entitled to the following remuneration and perquisites:

<table><tr><td>Date of appointment</td><td>August 06, 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Term of appointment</td><td>3 years with effect from August 06, 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Remuneration per annum (in ₹ lakh)</td><td>Up to ₹ 100 Lakhs per annum with such annual increments/increases as may be decided by the Board of Directors from time to time (which includes any committees thereof).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Other Terms and Conditions/ Perquisites and allowances of expenses</td><td><ul><li>House rent allowance at the rate 100% of the Basic Salary.</li><li>Premium not to exceed Rs. 1,00,000/- per annum for personal accident insurance covering him and his spouse.</li><li>Premium not to exceed Rs. 4,00,000/- per annum for savings-linked/ non linked life insurance plan(s).</li><li>Contribution to Provident Fund, Super Annuation Fund or Annuity Fund.</li><li>Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month's salary for each completed year of service</li><li>Reimbursement of all entertainment, traveling, hotel and other expenses incurred by the Managing Director during the course of and in connection with the business of the Company.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Such other perquisites and allowances as may be decided by the Board of Directors of our Company from time to time (which includes any committees thereof).</td></tr></table>

## Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel

Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel is the Whole-time Director, and one of the Promoters of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since incorporation. He was appointed as the Whole-time Director of our Company pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board dated July 25, 2025, and the resolution passed by our Shareholders' dated August 06, 2025.

According to the resolution of the Board dated July 25, 2025, and the Shareholders' resolution dated August 06, 2025,

263