Further, our ability to manage and supervise sub-contractors is subject to limitations, and despite our monitoring mechanisms, we cannot assure you that sub-contractors will perform their obligations satisfactorily or within agreed timelines. In addition, disputes with sub-contractors, unanticipated price escalations, shortage of skilled labor, or changes in regulatory framework governing contract labor could expose us to financial and operational risks. While in the last three fiscals we have not experienced any material default or delay by our sub-contractors, there can be no assurance that similar issues will not occur in the future. Any delay, default, or deficiency in performance by sub-contractors or consortium partners could adversely affect the progress of our projects, result in cost overruns, contractual liabilities, or reputational harm, and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation.

**27. Certain of our historical corporate and secretarial records are not traceable. We cannot assure you that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future which may impact our financial condition and reputation and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard.**

Certain of our historical and corporate secretarial records, i.e. Forms ADT-1 and ADT-3 are not traceable in our records, despite conducting internal searches. In relation to the same, we have relied on the search report dated September 29, 2025 issued by Mittal V Kothari & Associates represented by Mittal V Kothari, Company Secretary (having C.P. number 17202), as well as reviewed the corporate filings made, and records maintained by our Company. In this regard, we have intimated RoC about the non-traceability of the missing records vide our letter dated September 30, 2025. Further, while there have been no regulatory proceedings or actions initiated against us in relation to the aforementioned non-availability of the corporate records, we cannot assure you that any legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by any competent regulatory authority in this respect.

**28. Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter due to seasonality, with a noticeable concentration of activities toward the third and fourth quarters of the Financial Year.**

Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter due to seasonality, with a noticeable concentration of activities toward the third and fourth quarters of the Financial Year. Project execution often accelerates after the monsoon season, leading to increased turnover between October and March, as stakeholders work to meet annual targets. This period especially the last quarter also typically sees improved collections from receivables.

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Quarter 1 (March to June)</td><td>4,827.39</td><td>3,226.80</td><td>1,490.15</td></tr><tr><td>Quarter 2 (July to September)</td><td>5,177.78</td><td>2,948.99</td><td>2,036.77</td></tr><tr><td>Quarter 3 (October to December)</td><td>7,279.36</td><td>3,630.30</td><td>3,052.41</td></tr><tr><td>Quarter 4 (January to March)</td><td>10,658.97</td><td>8,470.06</td><td>5,444.29</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total Revenue from Operations</strong></td><td><strong>27,943.51</strong></td><td><strong>18,276.16</strong></td><td><strong>12,023.63</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

There can be no assurance that our historical results are an indicator of our future performance. Any delays in project execution or changes in customers' financial cycles during these quarters can disproportionately impact our operational performance, cash flows, and financial results. A weaker-than-expected third or fourth quarter could, therefore, affect our overall performance for the financial year. Such fluctuations may have an adverse effect on our business operations and cash flows, and managing these variations effectively remains critical to maintaining consistent growth. While there have been no such instances in the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure that such risks will not arise in the future.

**29. High attrition rate of permanent employees may impact our business operations, productivity, financial performance and growth.**

We believe our employees and personnel are one of our most important assets and critical to maintaining our competitive position in our industry. Please see “ Risk Factor 60 - For our business, we rely heavily on our Promoters namely, Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel, who are the Chairman and Executive Director, Managing Director and Whole-Time Director, respectively. Our business performance may have an adverse effect by their departure or by our failure to recruit or keep them” on page 68. As of August 31, 2025, the total number of permanent employees stood at 1,291, which is an increase from 979 in