<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>restated statement of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the restated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statement of changes in equity, the restated statement of cash flow for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 and the summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information prepared, in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on "Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)" issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Senior Management/ Senior Management Personnel/ SMP</td><td>Senior management of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1) (bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as further described in "Our Management-Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management" on page 278.</td></tr><tr><td>Shareholders</td><td>The shareholders of our Company from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>Stakeholders Relationship Committee</td><td>The Stakeholders' Relationship Committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations and as described in "Our Management – Board committees – Stakeholders' Relationship Committee" on page 273.</td></tr><tr><td>Whole-Time Director</td><td>The whole-time director of our Company being Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel. For further details, please see "Our Management – Board of Directors" on page 259.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Offer related terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as may be specified by the SEBI in this behalf.</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) to a Bidder as proof of registration of the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Allot/ Allotment/ Allotted</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, the allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Fresh Issue and transfer of the Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholders pursuant to the Offer for Sale to successful Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the successful Bidders who have been or are to be Allotted the Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee(s)</td><td>A successful Bidder(s) to whom the Equity Shares are Allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹ 1000.00 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion, and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Bidding Date</td><td>The date, being one Working Day prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which the BRLM will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and allocation to Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Offer Price</td><td>Final price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and Allotted to Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Offer Price but not higher than the Cap Price. The Anchor Investor Offer Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Pay-in Date</td><td>With respect to Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Offer Price, not later than one Working Day after the Bid/Offer Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company in</td></tr></tbody></table>

3