The D&B Report is subject to the following disclaimer:

"This report has been undertaken through extensive secondary research, which involves compiling inputs from publicly available sources, including official publications and research reports. Estimates provided by Dun & Bradstreet ("Dun & Bradstreet") and its assumptions are based on varying levels of quantitative and qualitative analysis including industry journals, company reports and information in the public domain.

Dun & Bradstreet has prepared this report in an independent and objective manner, and it has taken all reasonable care to ensure its accuracy and completeness. We believe that this report presents a true and fair view of the industry within the limitations of, among others, secondary statistics, and research, and it does not purport to be exhaustive. The results that can be or are derived from these findings are based on certain assumptions and parameters/conditions. As such, a blanket, generic use of the derived results or the methodology is not encouraged.

Forecasts, estimates, predictions, and other forward-looking statements contained in this report are inherently uncertain because of changes in factors underlying their assumptions, or events or combinations of events that cannot be reasonably foreseen. Actual results and future events could differ materially from such forecasts, estimates, predictions, or such statements.

The recipient should conduct its own investigation and analysis of all facts and information contained in this report is a part and the recipient must rely on its own examination and the terms of the transaction, as and when discussed. The recipients should not construe any of the contents in this report as advice relating to business, financial, legal, taxation or investment matters and are advised to consult their own business, financial, legal, taxation, and other advisors concerning the transaction."

Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness relevance of such information shall be subject to the disclaimers, context and underlying assumptions of such sources. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. The excerpts of the D&B Report are disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and there are no parts, information, data (which may be relevant for the proposed Offer), left out or changed in any manner. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful and depends upon the reader's familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business and methodologies, and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Data from these sources may also not be comparable. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in "Risk Factors – 57. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report commissioned by our Company from Dun & Bradstreet, and reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to certain inherent risks." on page 67. Accordingly, no investment decision should be solely made on the basis of such information.

In accordance with the disclosure requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, "Basis for the Offer Price" on page 128 includes information relating to our peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified therein.

**Currency and Units of Presentation**

All references to:

* "Rupees" or "INR" or "₹" or "Rs." Are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India; and
* "U.S $", "U.S. Dollar", "USD" are to United States Dollars, the official currency of the United States of America.

All the figures in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, have been presented in lakhs or in whole numbers where the numbers have been too small to present in lakhs unless stated otherwise. One lakhs represents 1,00,000 and one crore represents 1,00,00,000. Certain figures contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments. Any discrepancies in any table between the totals and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given, and (ii) the sum of the figures in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. However, figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be expressed in denominations other than lakhs or may be rounded off to other than two decimal points in the respective sources, and such figures have been expressed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in such denominations or rounded-off to such number of decimal points as provided in such respective