The prices and supply of these raw materials are also affected by, among others, general economic conditions, volatility in commodity markets, competition, production costs and levels, the occurrence of pandemic (such as COVID-19), transportation costs, indirect taxes and import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rate. If we are unable to pass on cost increases to our customers or are unsuccessful in managing the effects of raw material price fluctuations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Additionally, suppliers may stop manufacturing raw materials for us on acceptable terms in future and we may be unable to find alternative manufactures in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms or at all. Other risks associated with our reliance on the suppliers to manufacture the raw materials include, quality assurance and timely delivery of the raw materials, misappropriation of our designs, limited ability to manage our inventory, financial and economic condition of the contract manufacturers etc. Moreover, if any of our suppliers suffer any damage to their facilities, theft of materials, encounter financial difficulties, are unable to secure necessary raw materials from their suppliers or suffer any other reduction in efficiency, we may experience significant business disruption. While we have not faced any such instances in the last three Fiscals, in the event of any such disruptions in the future, we would need to seek and source other qualified suppliers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs, which could affect our business adversely.

**48. We operate in a labour-intensive industry and are subject to stringent labour laws and any strike, work stoppage or increased wage demand by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.**

Our EPC services are labour intensive in nature, which makes us prone to labour shortage due to reasons such as relationship of our sub-contractor with its labour, labour availability, pandemics such as COVID-19 etc., which may affect our ability to complete projects in time. Further, if we or our sub-contractors are unable to negotiate with the labour, it could result in work stoppages or increased operating costs due to higher than anticipated wages or benefits. During periods of shortages in labour, we may not be able to deliver our services or manufacture our products according to our previously determined time frames, at our previously estimated product costs, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and reputation.

As of August 31, 2025, we had a total of 1,236 employees. For details, see “*Our Business - Human Resources*” on page 243. While there have not been any instances of disputes with our employees, strikes or work stoppage that caused disruptions in our operations in the past three Fiscals, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any disruptions in our operations due to any disputes with our employees, strike or work stoppage in the future. In addition, work stoppages or slow-downs experienced by our customers or key suppliers could result in slow-downs or closures of our projects. If we or one or more of our customers or key suppliers experience a work stoppage, such work stoppage could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. For further details see, “*Key Regulations and Policies in India*” on page 247. If labour laws become more stringent, it may become more difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

In addition, we have entered into contracts with independent contractors under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our ancillary operations in India. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. While we have not faced any such instances in last three Fiscals, any requirement to fund their wage requirements in the future may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to renew the contracts with our independent contractors at commercially viable terms or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

**49. Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating or downgrading of rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.**

The cost and availability of capital depends on our credit ratings. The following table sets forth our details of credit rating received in the last three Fiscals:

Our Company has received the following credit ratings: