<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Revenue from operation generated</th><th>Percentage of revenue from operations</th><th>Revenue from operation generated</th><th>Percentage of revenue from operations</th><th>Revenue from operation generated</th><th>Percentage of revenue from operations</th></tr><tr><th>(₹ in Lakhs)</th><th>(%)</th><th>(₹ in Lakhs)</th><th>(%)</th><th>(₹ in Lakhs)</th><th>(%)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Largest customer</td><td>14,085.06</td><td>50.41%</td><td>7,676.24</td><td>42.00%</td><td>5,131.58</td><td>42.68%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 3 Customers</td><td>21,600.15</td><td>77.30%</td><td>13,422.48</td><td>73.44%</td><td>8326.56</td><td>69.25%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 5 Customers</td><td>24,045.36</td><td>86.05%</td><td>15,689.22</td><td>85.85%</td><td>10,168.77</td><td>84.58%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 10 Customers</td><td>26,736.74</td><td>95.68%</td><td>17,845.91</td><td>97.66%</td><td>11,634.05</td><td>96.76%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Our ability to retain existing customers and attract prospective customers depends, among other factors, on the competitiveness and flexibility of our pricing model. The loss of any one or more of such key customers for any reason (including due to loss of contracts or failure to negotiate acceptable terms in contract renewal negotiations, disputes with customers, adverse change in the financial condition of such customers, including due to possible bankruptcy or liquidation or other financial hardship, merger or decline in their sales, reduced or delayed customer requirements, plant shutdowns, labour strikes or other work stoppages) could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Customers in our markets may consolidate and grow in a manner that could affect their relationship with us. For instance, if one of our customers is acquired by any other company, its management may get reshuffled which may affect our relationship with such customer, and we may not be able to retain any favourable terms that we agreed to in the past and may even lose that acquired customer's business.

For details on our contracts with customers, see "Risk Factor-5 We are dependent on our top ten customers who contribute to more than 95.68%, 97.66% and 96.76% of our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively and the loss of any of these customers or a significant reduction in purchases by any of them could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition." on page 38.

We typically enter into short to medium-term arrangements ranging from 12 months to 36 months, as well as long-term agreements for supply of our services. While none of our customers have terminated their arrangements with us during the last three fiscals, there can be no assurance that such customers will continue to place similar orders in the future, or that we will be able to maintain our existing volume of business with them. Further, we may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of any reduction in prices or orders by these customers through cost reductions or by acquiring new customers. Any inability to retain one or more of our key customers, or to offset such reduction in business, may adversely affect our financial performance and results of operations.

## Our Diversified order book

In the Industry which we operate, order book is the considered an indicator of future performance since it represents a committed portion of anticipated future revenue. Our Order Book represents the estimated contract value of the unexecuted portion of our existing assigned EPC contracts. We have a diverse order book in all of our business verticals including transmission line EPC, underground Cabling, substation EPC, operational and maintenance of substations. Despite making up the majority of our order book, our power sector business vertical comprises several components that guarantee our order book stays diverse. For further details, see "-Industry Overview" on page 145.

The tables below set out details of our Order Book by business verticals, as of the dates mentioned:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Business Vertical</th><th colspan="2">As at period ended August 31, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount of order book (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of total order book</th><th>Amount of order book (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of total order book</th><th>Amount of order book (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of total order book</th><th>Amount of order book (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of total order book</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Transmission Line Project</td><td>46,710.99</td><td>60.18%</td><td>21,076.10</td><td>47.72%</td><td>27,059.13</td><td>52.48%</td><td>9,729.64</td><td>46.36%</td></tr></tbody></table>