Our business could be adversely affected by any change in laws, municipal plans or interpretation of existing laws, or promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us. Any political instability in India, such as corruption, scandals and protests against certain economic reforms, which have occurred in the past, could slow the pace of liberalization and deregulation. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange rates and other matters affecting investment in India could change as well.

The Government of India announced the Union Budget for Fiscal 2025, pursuant to which the Finance Bill 2025 proposes various amendments. Further, the Income Tax Act, 1961 is proposed to be amended. We cannot predict whether the amendments proposed to be made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2025 or the Income Tax Act, 1961 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, future cash flows and results of operations. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning, investing or trading in the Equity Shares. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.

There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government of India and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment or change to governing laws, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations and cash flows. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities.

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.

## 72. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues may adversely affect our business.

Many governments are moving to enact climate change legislation and treaties at the international, national, state, provincial and local levels. Where legislation already exists, regulations relating to emission levels and energy efficiency are generally becoming more stringent. Some of the costs associated with meeting more stringent regulations can be offset by increased energy efficiency and technological innovation. However, if the current regulatory trend continues, meeting more stringent regulations is anticipated to result in increased costs, and this may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, India and many other nations are signatories to international agreements related to climate change including the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which is intended to limit or capture emissions of greenhouse gas, such as carbon dioxide and the 2016 Paris Agreement, which extended the potentially binding set of emissions targets to all nations. Our compliance with any new environmental laws or regulations, particularly relating to greenhouse gas emissions, may require significant capital expenditure or result in the incurrence of fees and other penalties in the event of non-compliance. We cannot guarantee that future legislative, regulatory, international law, industry, trade or other developments will not negatively impact our operations and the demand for the products we sell. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

## 73. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and other conditions.

We are incorporated in and substantial amount of our operations are located in India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations and cash flows are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include:

* any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation,