OUR MANAGEMENT

In terms of the Companies Act, our Company is required to have a minimum of three Directors and a maximum of up to fifteen Directors. As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Board comprises of 7 (seven) Directors, of whom 1 (one) is the Chairman and Executive Director, 1 (one) is a Managing Director, 1 (one) is a Whole-Time Director and 4 (four) are Independent Directors (including one-woman Independent Director). Our Company is in compliance with the corporate governance norms prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to the composition of our Board and constitution of committees thereof.

The following table sets forth details regarding our Board of Directors as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

Board of Directors

<table><thead><tr><th>Name, designation, term, period of directorship, address, occupation, date of birth, age and DIN</th><th>Directorships in other companies</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</strong><br>Designation: Chairman and Executive Director<br>Current Term: For a period of 3 years, with effect from August 06, 2025, liable to retire by rotation.<br>Period of Directorship: Since June 29, 2011<br>Address: A-127, Sentossa Greenland, Rakanpur, Bhadaj Circle, Gandhinagar – 382721, Gujarat, India.<br>Occupation: Business<br>Date of Birth: July 01, 1974<br>Age: 51 Years<br>DIN: 03516312</td><td>Indian Companies<br>Devnandan Renewable Energy Private Limited<br><br>Foreign Companies<br>• Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Kanubhai Patel</strong><br>Designation: Managing Director<br>Current Term: For a period of 3 years, with effect from August 06, 2025, liable to retire by rotation.<br>Period of Directorship: Since June 29, 2011<br>Address: 31, Vatsalyam Shanti Avas Co. Op. Housing Society, Nandoli, Rancharada, Gandhinagar – 382115, Gujarat, India.<br>Occupation: Business<br>Date of Birth: June 01, 1971<br>Age: 54 Years<br>DIN: 03522537</td><td>Indian Companies<br>Devnandan Renewable Energy Private Limited<br><br>Foreign Companies<br>• Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</strong><br>Designation: Whole-Time Director<br>Current Term: For a period of 3 years, with effect from August 06, 2025, liable to retire by rotation.<br>Period of Directorship: Since June 29, 2011</td><td>Indian Companies<br>Devnandan Renewable Energy Private Limited<br><br>Foreign Companies<br>• Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>