due to financial or other difficulties could mean that we may need to bear increased and possibly sole responsibility for the completion of the project and bear a correspondingly greater share of the financial risk of the project.

Any disputes that may arise between us and our JV counterparties may cause delays in completion or the suspension or abandonment of the project, and we may not be able to recover the capital that we have invested. We may, in certain instances, fail to reach agreement on significant decisions in a timely manner. While there has been no past instance of material disputes with our JV counterparties and no past material instance of a JV counterparty failing to perform its obligations, we cannot control the actions of our JV counterparties, including any non-performance, default by, or bankruptcy of, our partners, and we typically share liability or have joint and/or several liability with our partners for such matters. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While in the last three Fiscals we have not undertaken any joint operations and therefore, there have been no material adverse instances arising from our joint operations, there can be no assurance that such risks will not materialize in the future with respect to our current Joint Venture or any other joint operation that we may undertake in the future.

**34. We require various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in the ordinary course of our business, and our failure to obtain, renew or maintain them in a timely manner may adversely affect our operations.**

We require various statutory and regulatory permits, approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for our business and operations some of which may have expired and for which we may have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval. For details of the key laws and regulations applicable to us, see “Key Regulations and Policies in India” on page 247. We may need to apply for further approvals in the future including renewal of approvals that may expire from time to time. We cannot assure you that the relevant authorities will issue such permits or approvals in the timeframe anticipated by us or at all.

Failure to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Further, we cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations, and permits issued to us will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations or will not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. While there have been no such instances in the past, any such instances in the future or failure to renew, maintain or obtain, or any suspension or revocation of, the required permits or approvals at the requisite time may result in stringent restrictions or interruption in all or some of our operations. Any failure to renew approvals that have expired or apply for and obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or permits, or any suspension or revocation of any of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits that have been or may be issued to us, may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition. For further information on our key approvals and licenses, see “Government and Other Statutory Approvals” on page 390.

**35. Our inability to protect or use our intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business. We may also unintentionally infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, any misappropriation of which could harm our competitive position.**

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have made various applications for registration of our logo (device mark) in Classes 37, 39, 40, 42 and 9 under the provisions of the Trademarks Act, 1999, as amended, which are currently pending. We have also made various applications for registration over the trademark

logo in Classes 37, 39, 40, 42 and 9 under the provisions of the Trademarks Act, 1999, as amended, which are currently pending. In the absence of trademark registrations, we do not enjoy the statutory protections available to a registered mark and we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party who may be infringing our trademarks. With respect to our trademarks that have been applied for and/or objected, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in such a challenge nor can we assure that eventually our trademark applications will be approved, which in turn could result in monetary loss.

There can be no assurance that our brand name or trademarks will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control including customer complaints in relation to intellectual property rights infringement, intellectual property infringements or adverse publicity from any other source in India and abroad. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, competitive position in India and abroad, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.