overall financial stability may affect the broader economic environment, and consequently, infrastructure policies in India. Changes in government at the central or state level, or alterations in their policy priorities, may also impact the implementation and progress of our ongoing and future projects.

India's electricity industry is separated in two different segments: (i) Electricity Generation; (ii) transmission; and distribution. India's transmission segment operates at various levels ranging from (1.1 kV and below) to Extra High Voltage (220 kV and above). India's total domestic transmission line network for High Voltage segment and Extra-High Voltage segment has witnessed CAGR of approximately 3.1% and 2.7%, respectively, between FY 2020 and FY 2025. Such voltage classes have applications in Inter State Bulk Power Transfer, Large Thermal and Hydro Power Stations, Ultra-Mega Industrial Projects and Grid-Connected Renewable Energy Evacuation. Over the past five years, India maintained an average annual addition of 13,860.6 CKM of transmission lines and 73,924 MVA of transformation capacity. The government plans to add approximately 17,500 CKM of transmission lines and 80,000 MVA of transformation capacity annually over the next three years. The power transmission sector is also expected to grow, with the bid pipeline increasing from less than INR 150 billion in February 2021 to INR 1 trillion in projects currently up for bidding. (Source: Dun & Bradstreet Report)

## Competition:

The power EPC segment faces stiff competition, especially in the 132kV to 400kV range, where both national players and regional contractors aggressively participate in state and central bidding processes. Tendering norms often include stringent net worth, solvency, and past experience thresholds, which limit first-time entrants and encourage consortium or JV-based bidding strategies. LI pricing pressures persist, but players differentiate themselves through safety compliance, manpower readiness, and ability to mobilize equipment quickly for geographically diverse projects. Our competitors are Rajesh Power Services Limited, Advait Energy Transitions Limited and Viviana Power Tech Limited (Source: D&B Report.). For details, see "Risk Factor- 18. We face certain competitive pressures from the existing competitors and new entrants in both public and private sector. Increased competition and aggressive bidding by such competitors are expected to make our ability to procure business in future more uncertain which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations" on page 47.

Several of our competitors are larger in scale and may benefit from greater financial resources, economies of scale, and operational experience, enabling them to bid more competitively or execute projects more efficiently. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against such entities in the future. Furthermore, the competitive nature of the EPC industry, particularly in competitive bidding, may exert downward pressure on project margins, which could materially and adversely impact our revenues, profitability, financial condition, and results of operations.

## Non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Financial Measures ("Non-GAAP Measures") and Operational Measures

Certain measures included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, for instance PAT Margin, EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Return on Equity (RoE), Return on Capital Employed (RoCE), EBITDA, and Debt to Equity Ratio,(the "Non-GAAP Measures and Operational Measures"), presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. Furthermore, these Non-GAAP Measures, are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net profit revenue from operations or any other performance measures derived in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operations or as a measure of our liquidity. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit for the years or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance, are not standardised terms and may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore, may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Further, they may have limited utility as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP financial measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company's management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company's operating performance. For further information, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Financial Measures" on page 347.