* we may encounter unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, force majeure events and unanticipated costs due to defective plans and specifications;
* we may not be able to obtain adequate capital or other financing at affordable costs or obtain any financing at all to complete construction of any of our projects;
* we may not be able to provide the required guarantees under project agreements or enter into financing arrangements;
* we may experience shortages of, and price increases in, materials and skilled and unskilled labour, and inflation in key supply markets;
* the projects that we are engaged in may not receive timely regulatory approvals and/or permits for development and operation of our projects, such as environmental clearances, mining, forestry or other approvals from the central or State environmental protection agencies, mining, forestry, railway or other regulatory authorities and may experience delays in land acquisition by the government entities and procuring right of way and other unanticipated delays;
* we may not be able to recover the amounts already invested in these projects if the assumptions contained in the feasibility studies for these projects do not materialize;
* delays on account of the subpar performance of the principal contractors or the sub-contractor or the joint venture partners of our Company;
* we may experience adverse changes in market demand or prices for the services that our projects are expected to provide;
* the third-party service providers hired to complete the projects may not be able to complete the construction of our projects on time, within budget or to the required specifications and standards;
* we may be subject to risk of equipment failure or industrial accidents that may cause injury and loss of life, and severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment; and
* other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases, in excess of what we are unable to recover under the terms of escalation clauses provided in our contract terms.

Execution risks are compounded on projects which are executed in difficult conditions, such as rough weather conditions, high seas, high altitudes or rugged terrains. Construction methodology-related risks and design-risks arise on unconventional or complicated projects. In the last three Fiscals, there has been an accident involving the death of a labourer employed by our Company at one of our project sites, in the course of employment with our Company. Following this, a legal notice was issued and an application has been filed against our Company before the Workmen's Compensation Commissioner, claiming statutory compensation and related expenses, amounting to ₹ 26.30 lakhs, under the Employee's Compensation Act, 1923. Summons have been issued directing our Company to appear, produce its defense, documents, and witnesses. The matter is currently pending adjudication, and the outcome cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot assure you that similar incidents will not occur in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Any of the foregoing risks in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We also face joint-venture risks and political risks. See also, "Risk Factor 33- The failure of a JV counterparty to perform its obligations could impose additional financial and performance obligations resulting in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses, and it may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition" on page 55.

If any or all of these risks materialize, we may suffer significant cost overruns or losses. We cannot assure you that our projects will be completed on schedule or at all or that we will recover our investments. If there are delays in the completion of projects, our customers may dispute our invoices or seek to renegotiate the terms of our contracts, or in case of significant delays, seek to terminate our contracts or we may lose any early completion bonus that we could have received. We may also be subject to penalties, liquidated damages or indemnity payments under the terms of our contracts with our customers and will also not be entitled to early-completion bonuses if projects are delayed.

Further, if the completion of a project is delayed, we may not be able to allocate our resources, including equipment and human resources, to newer projects, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully anticipate all the risks involved on the project or that the anticipated benefits will materialize, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.