Company.

**Interest in property acquired, acquisition of land, construction of building and supply of machinery, etc.**

Except certain premises which have been leased by our Promoters to our Company and certain premises that have been sold by our Company to our Promoters and disclosed in the tables below, our Promoters have no interest in any property acquired, whether direct or indirect, by our Company, during the three years preceding the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus or proposed to be acquired by our Company, or in the transactions for acquisition of land, construction of building or supply of machinery.

*Leased properties:*

<table><thead><tr><td>Date of Agreement</td><td>Lessor</td><td>Lessee</td><td>Address of Property</td><td>Tenure of Lease</td><td>Consideration per month (in ₹ lakh)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Leave and License Agreement dated August 27, 2025</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</td><td>Company</td><td>A02- Shreeji Exotica, Ognaj Circle to Santej Road, Santej, Ahmedabad-382721</td><td>11 months commencing from August 01, 2025 till June 30, 2026</td><td>0.45</td></tr><tr><td>Leave and License Agreement dated August 27, 2025</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel</td><td>Company</td><td>Shed No. 35, Shivam Industrial Estate-4 Chandogar, Ahmedabad</td><td>11 months commencing from August 01, 2025 till June 30, 2026</td><td>0.35</td></tr><tr><td>Leave and License Agreement dated August 27, 2025</td><td>Kanubhai Patel</td><td>Company</td><td>Plot No. 94, Shri Hari Om Industrial Estate, Gozaria- 382825</td><td>11 months commencing from August 01, 2025 till June 30, 2026</td><td>0.60</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Sale properties:*

<table><thead><tr><td>Date of Agreement</td><td>Seller</td><td>Buyer</td><td>Address of Property</td><td>Consideration (in ₹ lakh)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Sale deed dated June 30, 2025</td><td>Our Company</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>Sub-plots paiki Private Sub Plot No. 562, Shilpgram-9 Mouje Karannagar, Sub-District and Taluka Kadi, District Mehsana-384002, Gujarat, India.</td><td>4.75</td></tr><tr><td>Sale deed dated June 30, 2025</td><td>Our Company</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>Private Sub Plot No. 562 marg, Shilpgram-9 Mouje Karannagar, Sub-District and Taluka Kadi, District Mehsana-384002, Gujarat, India.</td><td>2.10</td></tr><tr><td>Sale deed dated June 30, 2025</td><td>Our Company</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>Sub-plots paiki Private Sub Plot No. 563, Shilpgram-9 Mouje Karannagar, Sub-District and Taluka Kadi, District Mehsana-384002, Gujarat, India.</td><td>4.75</td></tr><tr><td>Sale deed dated June 30, 2025</td><td>Our Company</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>Private Sub Plot No. 563 marg, Shilpgram-9 Mouje Karannagar, Sub-District and Taluka Kadi, District Mehsana-384002, Gujarat, India.</td><td>2.10</td></tr><tr><td>Sale deed dated June 30, 2025</td><td>Our Company</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>Sub-plots paiki Private Sub Plot No. 564, Shilpgram-9 Mouje Karannagar, Sub-District and Taluka Kadi, District Mehsana-384002, Gujarat, India.</td><td>4.75</td></tr><tr><td>Sale deed dated June 30, 2025</td><td>Our Company</td><td>Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel</td><td>Private Sub Plot No. 564 marg, Shilpgram-9 Mouje Karannagar, Sub-District and Taluka Kadi, District Mehsana-384002, Gujarat, India.</td><td>2.10</td></tr></tbody></table>

280