industry trends rather than issues specific to our Company. The risk of delays or terminations remain inherent to our business and could adversely affect our operations, results of operations, and financial condition.

In addition, relevant laws and regulations may change in the future, requiring the expenditure of resources and any changes in development plans and development control regulations of the various cities in which we operate are subject to change which may affect our business. Any changes and related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including delays in commissioning schedule of our projects.

32. **We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred which we intend to fund through our Net Proceeds. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, may result in time and cost over-runs and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected.**

Our Company is planning to undertake capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards purchase of machinery and equipment. For further details, see "*Objects of the Offer*" on page 108.

While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the proposed capital expenditure, we do not have any firm arrangements for any of them. For details, see "*Objects of the Offer*" on page 108. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns for our proposed capital expenditure. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be incurred by our Company as ₹ 1,086.89 lakhs. For further information including details regarding quotations obtained from vendors for the purchase of equipment and machinery, see "*Objects of the Offer*" on page 108. We cannot assure you that we will be able to place orders for such equipment and machinery, in a timely manner or at all.

Further, the costs of such equipment and machinery may escalate or vary based on external factors which may not be in our control. If our actual expenses on equipment and machinery significantly exceed our estimates, or there is a delay in the delivery of such equipment and machinery, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits, which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and prospects. We may not be able to install and duly utilise the equipment and machinery to be purchased from the Net Proceeds due to factors beyond our control such as labour shortages, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our Manufacturing Facility, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, taxes and duties, delays in receiving or non-receipt of governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals as we apply for them at various stages of the expansion, environment costs and other external factors. In the event of any delay in the placement of such orders and/or delivery of such equipment and machinery, the proposed schedule of implementation of our proposed expansion and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, which could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.

33. **The failure of a JV counterparty to perform its obligations could impose additional financial and performance obligations resulting in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses, and it may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.**

Typically, we bid for projects as the sole contractor, with full responsibility for the entire project, including sole discretion to select and supervise subcontractors, if required. However, from time to time, we form joint ventures with other entities operating in the EPC sector. We have recently formed a joint venture to bid for and execute a project in the state of Rajasthan. For further details of our Joint Ventures, see "*History and Certain Corporate Matters – Joint Ventures*" on page 242.

The type of joint ventures we engage are project-specific joint ventures in the form of an unincorporated "association of persons" as defined under the Income-tax Act, 1961 established to target and execute certain projects. These JVs are treated as an extension of the Company itself as in substance the Company assumes all the risk and rewards related to such arrangements including managing operations of such projects. We are responsible for project completion. However, each member's scope of work is clearly defined, along with the corresponding revenue split. Accordingly, if other parties in our joint ventures default on their duties, we will remain liable for completion of the project. In such cases we may be required to commit additional resources to ensure that the project is completed on schedule to avoid any claims for liquidated damages from customers. Such additional obligations could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses. The inability of a JV counterparty to continue with a project