<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Calendar Year or year</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, shall refer to the twelve-month period ending December 31.</td></tr><tr><td>CDSL</td><td>Central Depository Services (India) Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>CGST</td><td>Central Goods and Services Tax.</td></tr><tr><td>CIN</td><td>Corporate Identity Number.</td></tr><tr><td>Copyright Act</td><td>Copyright Act, 1957.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act, 1956</td><td>Companies Act, 1956, and the rules, regulations, notifications, modifications and clarifications made thereunder, as the context requires.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act, 2013/ Companies Act</td><td>Companies Act, 2013 and the rules, regulations, notifications, modifications and clarifications thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>Consolidated FDI Policy</td><td>The FDI Policy, effective from October 15, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, and any amendments or substitutions thereof, issued from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>COVID-19</td><td>A public health emergency of international concern as declared by the World Health Organization on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020.</td></tr><tr><td>CSR</td><td>Corporate Social Responsibility.</td></tr><tr><td>Demat</td><td>Dematerialised.</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories Act</td><td>Depositories Act, 1996 read with the rules and regulations thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>Depository or Depositories</td><td>NSDL and CDSL.</td></tr><tr><td>DIN</td><td>Director Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>DP ID</td><td>Depository Participant's Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>DP/ Depository Participant</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act.</td></tr><tr><td>DPIIT</td><td>The Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India.</td></tr><tr><td>EGM</td><td>Extra-ordinary General Meeting.</td></tr><tr><td>EPCG</td><td>Export Promotion Capital Goods</td></tr><tr><td>EPS</td><td>Earnings Per Share.</td></tr><tr><td>Er.</td><td>Engineer.</td></tr><tr><td>ESOP</td><td>Employee Stock Option Plan.</td></tr><tr><td>FCNR Account</td><td>Foreign Currency Non Resident Account.</td></tr><tr><td>FDI</td><td>Foreign Direct Investment.</td></tr><tr><td>FEMA</td><td>Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, including the rules and regulations thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>FEMA Rules</td><td>Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Financial Year, Fiscal, FY/ F.Y.</td><td>Period of twelve months ending on March 31 of that particular year, unless stated otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td>FI</td><td>Financial institutions.</td></tr><tr><td>FPI(s)</td><td>A foreign portfolio investor who has been registered pursuant to the SEBI FPI Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>FVCI</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital Investors) Regulations, 2000) registered with SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>GAAP</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.</td></tr><tr><td>GIR Number</td><td>General Index Registry number.</td></tr><tr><td>GoI / Central Government</td><td>Government of India.</td></tr><tr><td>GST</td><td>Goods and Services Tax.</td></tr><tr><td>GSTIN</td><td>Goods and Services Tax Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>HUF</td><td>Hindu Undivided Family.</td></tr><tr><td>ICAI</td><td>The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.</td></tr><tr><td>IFRS</td><td>International Financial Reporting Standards.</td></tr></tbody></table>