actions against us in the future. Any such penalties, actions, or reputational damage arising from these delays could adversely affect our financial condition and operational stability.

We remain committed to improving our compliance mechanisms and have implemented measures to strengthen internal controls, enhance monitoring processes, and minimize the risk of future delays. Despite these efforts, any potential non-compliance or delay in the future could expose us to penalties, regulatory scrutiny, or other adverse consequences, which may impact our business, results of operations, and reputation.

**24. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.**

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent to providing engineering services, such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire, earthquake, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. We believe that we have generally maintained insurance covering policies in relation to construction and erection, workmen compensation, fire and burglary, vehicle and machinery, keyman and the properties of our Company. However, we may not have sufficient insurance coverage to cover all possible economic losses.

The following table sets forth details of our insurance coverage on our total fixed assets as on March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023:

(in ₹ lakhs, unless specified otherwise)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>As of March 31, 2025</th><th>As of March 31, 2024</th><th>As of March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Amount of total fixed assets</td><td>648.90</td><td>704.43</td><td>766.05</td></tr><tr><td>Amount of insurable fixed assets</td><td>621.01</td><td>676.54</td><td>738.16</td></tr><tr><td>Amount of sum assured in insurances obtained</td><td>857.34</td><td>971.84</td><td>1002.57</td></tr><tr><td>Amount of sum assured as % of insurable fixed assets</td><td>92.80%</td><td>93.95%</td><td>90.05%</td></tr><tr><td>Amount of sum assured as % of total fixed assets</td><td>90.07%</td><td>91.47%</td><td>87.84%</td></tr></tbody></table>

As certified by O.M.M.S & Associates, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, vide their certificate dated September 30, 2025.

There are possible losses, which we may not have insured against or covered or wherein the insurance cover in relation to the same may not be adequate. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For details, see “Our Business – Insurance” on page 244. While we have not experienced substantial uninsured losses during the past three Fiscals, in the event of a substantial uninsured future loss, our policies may not be sufficient to recover the full current market value or current replacement cost of our assets.

Further, in certain instances, the claims that may arise in connection with our projects, operations or liabilities may exceed the coverage limits under our existing insurance policies. In such cases, our Company will be required to bear such excess costs from its own resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. Also see, “-Risk Factor 44. Our business and operation involve inherent occupational hazards which can be dangerous and could cause injuries to people or property” on page 61.

The occurrence of an event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured, or changes in our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, we cannot assure you that renewal of our insurance policies in the normal course of our business will be granted in a timely manner, at an acceptable cost or at all.

**25. Our financing agreements contain covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Further, our Company has availed unsecured loans from banks and other financial institutions, which may be recalled on demand. If we are not in compliance with certain of these covenants and are unable to obtain waivers from the respective lenders, our lenders may accelerate the repayment schedules, and enforce their respective security interests, leading to a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.**