operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

**66. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which investors may be more familiar with and consider material to their assessment of our financial condition.**

Our Restated Financial Information are derived from our audited financial statements for the Financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023, prepared in accordance with Ind AS, SEBI Letter, and all restated in accordance with requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of Companies Act, SEBI ICDR Regulations, and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)” issued by ICAI. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS, the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited.

**67. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (ASM) and Graded Surveillance Measures (GSM) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors.**

SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, concentration of certain customer accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple and market capitalization.

Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of customer accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off, limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company.

## External Risk Factors

**68. Slowdown in sectors that we operate in, and any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these markets can adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

Since the primary uses of our products include construction, our business is dependent to a significant extent on the performance and growth of the sectors where we are present, particularly the construction sector. Any change in regulation in such sectors could materially and adversely affects demands for our products. Further, external factors such as natural disasters, COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic, wars and unrest such as the war ensuing between Ukraine and Russia, can cause a slowdown in the sectors that we operate in and disable us from taking on or completing our projects in such sectors. In the event of a downturn in the construction sector or any of the other key sectors in which we are present, demand for their products may decline and to that extent, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.