project could be affected. If the amount we are required to pay for contract labour agencies, equipment or supplies exceeds our estimates, we may suffer losses. If a supplier, manufacturer, or contract labour agency fails to provide supplies, equipment or services on agreed terms, we may be required to source these supplies or equipment from another supplier or find a replacement for such a contract labour agency (as the case may be) at higher costs than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, profitability, financial condition and results of operations. While we have faced any such instances in the last three Fiscals, where contract labour agencies failed to meet their obligations, any future failure by them to do so in the future could disrupt our project timelines, increase costs, and negatively impact our business, profitability, financial condition, and results of operations.

47. Fluctuation in cost of raw materials or any shortages, delay or disruption in the supply of the raw materials we use in our business operations due to factors beyond our control or may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The major raw materials used by our Company include towers, conductors and hardwares of conductors, optical fibre cable, and stringing accessories. Our operations are dependent upon the price and availability of the raw materials. Set-out below are the details of raw material procured by our Company from our top supplier, top five suppliers and top ten suppliers:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Supplier concentration*</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025<sup>(1)</sup></th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024<sup>(2)</sup></th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023<sup>(3)</sup></th></tr><tr><th>Amount (in ₹ lakhs)</th><th>% of raw material procured</th><th>Amount (in ₹ lakhs)</th><th>% of raw material procured</th><th>Amount (in ₹ lakhs)</th><th>% of raw material procured</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Top supplier</td><td>2,078.02</td><td>16.08%</td><td>986.12</td><td>14.73%</td><td>578.44</td><td>14.37%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 5 suppliers</td><td>6,670.56</td><td>51.62%</td><td>3081.94</td><td>46.02%</td><td>2137.74</td><td>53.09%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 10 suppliers</td><td>9,427.28</td><td>72.96%</td><td>4,502.02</td><td>67.22%</td><td>2,953.71</td><td>73.35%</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) For Financial year ended March 31, 2025, our top 10 suppliers include Parth Electricals & Engineering Limited, Vijay Transmission Private Limited, and Parag Enterprise. Further, contribution of each individual customer to the revenue from operations of our Company has not been separately disclosed to preserve confidentiality.
(2) For Financial year ended March 31, 2024, our top 10 suppliers include JSK Industries Private Limited and Shree Sai Corporation. Further, contribution of each individual customer to the revenue from operations of our Company has not been separately disclosed to preserve confidentiality.
(3) For Financial year ended March 31, 2023, our top 10 suppliers include JSK Industries Private Limited and Shree Sai Corporation. Further, contribution of each individual customer to the revenue from operations of our Company has not been separately disclosed to preserve confidentiality.

Our top 10 suppliers include Parth Electricals & Engineering Limited, JSK Industries Private Limited, Shree Sai Corporation, Shirdi Sai Electricals Limited, Parag Enterprise, Vijay Transmission Private Limited, Somnath Steels, A R Enterprise, Deora Wires N Machines Private Limited, Akshar Energy Structures Private Limited, Popular Switchgears Private Limited, Jsl Industries Limited, Sanvijay Infrastructures Private Limited

Parth Electricals & Engineering Limited, KP Green Engineering Limited, Encorp Powertrans Private Limited, JSK Industries Private Limited, Shree Sai Corporation, Shirdi Sai Electricals Limited, Parag Enterprise, Vijay Transmission Private Limited, and Somnath Steels. Further, names of certain suppliers have not been separately disclosed to preserve confidentiality.

We usually maintain inventory of raw materials on a need basis, as purchases are project-specific and grades of raw materials vary from project to project. While raw materials are generally readily available in the market, any unexpected shortage, delay, or disruption in their supply could impact our ability to provide services according to our project timelines or contractual commitments, or at our previously estimated costs. Such events could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and reputation. The table below sets out the breakdown of total cost of materials consumed and the number of days of inventory during the Fiscals indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Cost of materials consumed (in ₹ lakhs)<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>12,369.54</td><td>6,769.07</td><td>4,054.40</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage contribution of cost of material consumed towards the total expenses (in %)<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>49.29%</td><td>38.71%</td><td>35.56%</td></tr><tr><td>Number of days of inventory*<sup>(3)</sup></td><td>11</td><td>4</td><td>9</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Cost of material consumed and changes in inventory as per the Restated Financial Information
(2) Total cost of material consumed divided by total expenses.
(3) Inventory days are calculated as Inventory at the end of the year divided by cost of goods sold for the year multiplying by number of days in an year.