the BRLM and the Syndicate Members may purchase/subscribe to the Equity Shares in the Offer in the QIB Portion or in the Non-Institutional Portion, as may be applicable to such Bidders, where the allocation is on a proportionate basis and such subscription may be on their own account or on behalf of their clients. All categories of investors, including respective associates or affiliates of the BRLM and Syndicate Members, shall be treated equally for the purpose of allocation to be made on a proportionate basis.

Neither the BRLM or any associate of the BRLM (except Mutual Funds sponsored by entities which are associates of the BRLM or insurance companies promoted by entities which are associate of BRLM or AIFs sponsored by the entities which are associate of the BRLM or FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices sponsored by the entities which are associates of the BRLM) can apply in the Offer under the Anchor Investor Portion.

Further, an Anchor Investor shall be deemed to be an "associate of the Book Running Lead Manager" if: (i) either of them controls, directly or indirectly through its subsidiary or holding company, not less than 15% of the voting rights in the other; or (ii) either of them, directly or indirectly, by itself or in combination with other persons, exercises control over the other; or (iii) there is a common director, excluding nominee director, amongst the Anchor Investors and the BRLM.

Further, the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group shall not participate by applying for Equity Shares in the Offer. Furthermore, persons related to the Promoters and the Promoter Group shall not apply in the Offer under the Anchor Investor Portion. It is clarified that a qualified institutional buyer who has rights under a shareholders agreement or voting agreement entered into with any of the Promoters or members of the Promoter Group of our Company, veto rights or a right to appoint any nominee director on our Board, shall be deemed to be a person related to a Promoter or member of the Promoter Group of our Company.

## Bids by Mutual Funds

With respect to Bids by Mutual Funds, a certified copy of their SEBI registration certificate must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, the Company reserves the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof. Bids made by asset management companies or custodians of Mutual Funds shall specifically state names of the concerned schemes for which such Bids are made.

In case of a Mutual Fund, a separate Bid may be made in respect of each scheme of a Mutual Fund registered with the SEBI and such Bids in respect of more than one scheme of a Mutual Fund will not be treated as multiple Bids, provided that such Bids clearly indicate the scheme concerned for which the Bid is submitted.

No Mutual Fund scheme shall invest more than 10% of its net asset value in equity shares or equity related instruments of any single company provided that the limit of 10% shall not be applicable for investments in case of index funds or sector or industry specific scheme. No Mutual Fund under all its schemes should own more than 10% of any company's paid-up share capital carrying voting rights.

## Bids by Eligible NRIs

Eligible NRIs may obtain copies of Bid cum Application Form from the offices of the Designated Intermediaries. Only Bids accompanied by payment in Indian Rupees or freely convertible foreign exchange will be considered for Allotment. Eligible NRIs applying on a repatriation basis should authorise their respective SCSBs or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders) to block their Non-Resident External Accounts ("NRE Account") (including UPI ID, if activated), or Foreign Currency Non-Resident Accounts ("FCNR Account"), and Eligible NRIs bidding on a non-repatriation basis by using Resident Forms should authorise their respective SCSBs or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders) to block their Non-Resident Ordinary ("NRO") accounts for the full Bid amount, at the time of submission of the Bid cum Application Form. NRIs applying in the Offer through the UPI Mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to submitting a Bid cum Application Form.

Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form meant for Non-Residents (● in colour). Eligible NRIs Bidding on non-repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for residents (● in colour). By way of Press Note 1 (2021 Series) dated March 19, 2021, issued by the DPIIT, it has been clarified that an investment made by a NRI or an Indian entity which is owned and controlled by NRIs on a non-repatriation basis, shall not be considered for calculation of indirect foreign investment.

Eligible NRIs will be permitted to apply in the Offer through Channel I or Channel II (as specified in the UPI Circulars). Further, subject to applicable law, Eligible NRIs may use Channel IV (as specified in the UPI Circulars) to apply in the Offer, provided the UPI facility is enabled for their NRE/NRO accounts.