## Track record of execution capabilities and timely completion of projects

We have over 14 years of experience as a Gujarat-based power transmission infrastructure EPC company, with demonstrated capabilities in delivering high-voltage ("HV") and extra-high voltage ("EHV") transmission line and substation projects. Our expertise covers the complete EPC value chain including design, engineering, procurement, supply, construction, installation, and commissioning of transmission lines ranging from 11 kV to 400 kV, as well as substation projects ranging from 66 kV to 220 kV.

The tables below set out details of circuit kilometers of transmission line erected and number of substations built during the Fiscals indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of circuit kilometers of transmission line erected (220 kV and above)</td><td>78.09</td><td>40.88</td><td>130.12</td></tr><tr><td>Number of circuit kilometers of transmission line erected (Less than 220 kV)</td><td>49.45</td><td>71.43</td><td>23.43</td></tr><tr><td>Number of Substations built</td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>1</td></tr></tbody></table>

Out of a total of 415.90 CKM of transmission lines erected in the last three Fiscals, more than 60% were of 220 kV or higher voltage class, reflecting our ability to successfully execute large and complex projects in the extra-high voltage ("EHV") segment. We have demonstrated capabilities in executing specialized transmission structures like 36 QD type towers having height of 76.00 meters, each weighing 98.00 MT for 400 kV applications, including challenging crossover of HVDC lines. (Source: D&B Report).

Our execution record demonstrates our ability to leverage design expertise, engineering capabilities, and robust internal systems to achieve timely completion. A key differentiator has been our skilled workforce and management's active involvement in project execution, which enables effective problem-solving, quick decision-making, and optimal resource allocation. This hands-on approach has reduced delays and improved overall efficiency, allowing us to deliver projects in a consistent and reliable manner.

Our ability to deliver projects within schedule is further supported by standardized processes, efficient resource allocation, and continuous improvement in project execution methodologies. We strategically maintain inventories, equipment and machinery close to project sites to ensure better utilization and productivity. Numerous projects have been completed ahead of schedule, such as a 66 kV line (18 km) in 4 months for one of the customer engaged in automobile industry and a 220 kV line (83 km) ahead of time for GETCO. (Source: D&B Report) In Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we have completed a total of 26, 11 and 25 projects. The following table provides details of some our milestone projects executed by our Company:

<table><tr><td>400KV S/C transmission network for evacuation of 150MW & 100MW (total 250MW) solar power from a solar plant.</td><td>The 17.315 km 400 kV transmission line project, completed in just 11 months for a public sector entity engaged in the renewable energy sector in the Kutch region of Gujarat, showcase our project and engineering execution. In addition to the line construction, two 400 kV dwarf towers were erected, designed to facilitate the underneath crossing of a 500 kV HVDC line.<br/><br/>These towers, engineered by one of the suppliers engaged in engineering sector, were customized to navigate the challenges posed by the existing high-voltage infrastructure. The project was executed in challenging terrain and environmental conditions, demonstrating our company's ability to meet stringent timelines and overcome technical hurdles while ensuring the reliability and safety of the transmission network.</td><td></td></tr></table>