## Bids by banking companies

In case of Bids made by banking companies registered with RBI, certified copies of: (i) the certificate of registration issued by RBI, and (ii) the approval of such banking company's investment committee is required to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form, failing which our Company, in consultation with the BRLM reserves the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable law.

The investment limit for banking companies in non-financial services companies as per the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (the "Banking Regulation Act"), and Master Direction - Reserve Bank of India (Financial Services provided by Banks) Directions, 2016 is 10% of the paid-up share capital of the investee company or 10% of the bank's own paid-up share capital and reserves, whichever is less. Further, the aggregate investment in subsidiaries and other entities engaged in financial and non-financial services company cannot exceed 20% of the bank's paid-up share capital and reserves. A banking company may hold up to 30% of the paid-up share capital of the investee company with the prior approval of the RBI, provided that the investee company is engaged in non-financial activities in which banking companies are permitted to engage under the Banking Regulation Act or the additional acquisition is through restructuring of debt/corporate debt restructuring/strategic debt restructuring, or to protect the bank's interest on loans/investments made to a company. The bank is required to submit a time-bound action plan for disposal of such shares within a specified period to the RBI. A banking company would require a prior approval of the RBI to make investment in excess of 30% of the paid-up share capital of the investee company, investment in a subsidiary and a financial services company that is not a subsidiary (with certain exceptions prescribed), and investment in a non-financial services company in excess of 10% of such investee company's paid-up share capital as stated in the Reserve Bank of India (Financial Services provided by Banks) Directions, 2016, as amended. Bids by banking companies should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them under the applicable laws.

## Bids by SCSBs

SCSBs participating in the Offer are required to comply with the terms of the circulars bearing no. CIR/CFD/DIL/12/2012 and CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2013, dated September 13, 2012 and January 2, 2013, respectively, issued by the SEBI. Such SCSBs are required to ensure that for making applications on their own account using ASBA, they should have a separate account in their own name with any other SEBI registered SCSBs. Further, such account shall be used solely for the purpose of making application in public issues and clear demarcated funds should be available in such account for such Bids.

## Bids by insurance companies

In case of Bids made by insurance companies registered with the IRDAI, a certified copy of certificate of registration issued by IRDAI must be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, the Company, in consultation with BRLM, reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof.

The exposure norms for insurers, prescribed under the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Investment) Regulations, 2016 ("IRDA Investment Regulations") based on the investments in the equity shares of a company, the entire group of the investee company and the industry sector in which the investee company operates. Bidders are advised to refer to the IRDA Investment Regulations for specific investment limits applicable to them and shall comply with all applicable regulations, guidelines and circulars issued by IRDAI from time to time.

## Bids by Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Companies

In case of Bids made by NBFC-SI, a certified copy of the certificate of registration issued by the RBI, a certified copy of its last audited financial statements on a standalone basis and a net worth certificate from its statutory auditor(s) and such other approvals as may be required by the NBFC - SI, must be attached to the Bid-cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLM reserves the right to reject any Bid, without assigning any reason thereof. NBFC-SI participating in the Offer shall comply with all applicable regulations, guidelines and circulars issued by RBI from time to time.

The investment limit for NBFC - SI shall be prescribed by RBI from time to time.

## Bids under power of attorney

In case of Bids made pursuant to a power of attorney by limited companies, corporate bodies, registered societies, eligible FPIs, AIFs, Mutual Funds, insurance companies, NBFC-SI, insurance funds set up by the army, navy or air force of the India, insurance funds set up by the Department of Posts, India or the National Investment Fund and provident funds with a minimum corpus of ₹ 2500.00 lakhs (subject to applicable laws) and pension funds with a minimum corpus of ₹ 2500.00 lakhs, a certified copy of the power of attorney or the relevant resolution or authority, as the case may be, along with a