<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Public Offer Account Bank(s)</td><td>The banks with which the Public Offer Account(s) is opened for collection of Bid Amounts from Escrow Account(s) and ASBA Accounts on the Designated Date, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter Selling Shareholders</td><td>Collectively, Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel And Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel.</td></tr><tr><td>QIB Category/ QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer (including the Anchor Investor Portion being not more than 50% of the Offer comprising not more than [●] Equity Shares, which shall be Allotted to QIBs (including Anchor Investors) on a proportionate basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in which allocation shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price (or Anchor Investors)</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Institutional Buyers/ QIBs/ QIB Bidders</td><td>Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Red Herring Prospectus/ RHP</td><td>The red herring prospectus to be issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be offered and the size of the Offer including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.<br>The Bid/Offer Opening Date shall be at least three Working Days after the filing of Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Red Herring Prospectus will become the Prospectus upon filing with the RoC after the Pricing Date, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account(s)</td><td>The account(s) opened with the Refund Bank(s), from which refunds, if any, of the whole or part of the Bid Amount to the Anchor Investors shall be made.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Bank(s)</td><td>The Banker(s) to the Offer which are a clearing member registered with SEBI under the SEBI BTI Regulations with whom the Refund Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Brokers</td><td>Stockbrokers registered with the stock exchanges having nationwide terminals, other than the members of the Syndicate and eligible to procure Bids in terms of SEBI circular number CIR/CFD/14/2012 dated October 4, 2012, and the UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated September 17, 2025 between our Company, the Promoter Selling Shareholders and the Registrar to the Offer in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Offer pertaining to the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar to the Offer/ Registrar</td><td>Mufg Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)</td></tr><tr><td>Retail Individual Bidders/ Retail Individual Investors(s)/ RII(s) / RIB(s)</td><td>Individual Bidders, who have Bid for the Equity Shares for an amount not more than ₹ 2.00 lakhs in any of the bidding options in the Offer (including HUFs applying through their Karta and Eligible NRIs and does not include NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Retail Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer being not less than 35% of the Offer consisting of [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Retail Individual Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Revision Form</td><td>Form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount in any of their ASBA Form(s) or any previous Revision Form(s).<br>QIB Bidders and Non-Institutional Investors are not allowed to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>SCORES</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System.</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s)/ SCSB(s)</td><td>(i) The banks registered with SEBI, offering services in relation to ASBA (other than through UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=34 or www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=35, as applicable, or such other website as updated from time to time, and</td></tr></tbody></table>