<table><tr><td>Employee state insurance</td><td>0.08</td><td>August 16, 2022</td><td>1 day</td><td>Administrative reason</td></tr></table>

Note: As certified by O.M.M.S & Associates, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, vide their certificate dated September 30, 2025.

Our Company is required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions and employee state insurance contributions as indicated in the tables below. The table below sets forth the details of the statutory dues paid by our Company, including in relation to our employees for the periods indicated below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Nature of statutory dues</th><th colspan="6">For the period / Financial year ended</th></tr><tr><th colspan="2">March 31, 2025</th><th colspan="2">March 31, 2024</th><th colspan="2">March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th>No. of employees</th><th>Total Dues (in ₹ lakhs)</th><th>No. of employees</th><th>Total Dues (in ₹ lakhs)</th><th>No. of employees</th><th>Total Dues (in ₹ lakhs)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Employee state insurance</td><td>184</td><td>12.38</td><td>172</td><td>10.02</td><td>47</td><td>4.67</td></tr><tr><td>Gratuity*</td><td>0</td><td>110.09</td><td>0</td><td>54.54</td><td>0</td><td>22.33</td></tr><tr><td>Provident fund**</td><td>1262</td><td>502.37</td><td>1174</td><td>484.08</td><td>933</td><td>284.40</td></tr><tr><td>Professional tax</td><td>1265</td><td>31.07</td><td>1154</td><td>22.04</td><td>75</td><td>1.98</td></tr><tr><td>Tax deducted at source on salary</td><td>3</td><td>187.77</td><td>3</td><td>191.91</td><td>3</td><td>182.07</td></tr><tr><td>Labour welfare fund</td><td>0</td><td>0.43</td><td>0</td><td>0.45</td><td>0</td><td>0.31</td></tr></tbody></table>

\*\* Provident fund includes employer's contribution and administration charges pertaining to it.

Note: As certified by O.M.M.S & Associates, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, vide their certificate dated September 30, 2025.

There are no pending unpaid dues by our Company as on date. Our Company has taken measures to mitigate delays in statutory payment by internally tracking the date of payment well in advance before the due date. However, there can be no assurance that such defaults/ delay may not arise in the future. This may lead to regulatory action from respective government authorities which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows.

## 31. Delays in the acquisition of private land or rights of way, eviction of encroachments, environmental clearances for the projects or resolution of associated land issues, which are though attributable to our customers, may adversely affect our timely performance of our contracts and lead to disputes and losses.

Pursuant to the agreements, government customers are typically required to acquire, lease, or secure rights of way, over the land underlying the projects we construct. The land to be free of encroachments and encumbrances and with environmental clearances are beyond our control and contingent on the government providing the tracts of land. Their failure to acquire the relevant land, free of encumbrances and on time, may cause project delays, cost overruns or even force us to change or abandon the projects completely. We may be entitled to terminate such contracts on the basis of our counterparty's default, such as the failure to acquire or lease the requisite land or right of way, and be entitled to a termination payment from the customer. However, such payment may not be sufficient to cover the losses incurred by the project companies in the construction of the projects. There may be cases which may further lead to disputes and cross-claims for liquidated damages between us and the customers. These factors, either individually or collectively, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Failure to acquire land may lead to a change of scope of the project or payment delays or disputes with the government entity for claims in connection with a completed project's eligibility for an early completion bonus (if any). We will continue to face risks associated with implementation which could be due to reasons beyond our control such as delays from the concession authority or joint venture partners with whom we have entered into contractual arrangements. Further, any delay or inability to complete such land acquisitions may also result in termination of our project contracts, increase in the price of construction materials from original estimates, which we may not be able to pass on to the contractors or users of projects. While we have had not faced any instances where the government customer was unable to provide the project land and the contract was consequently terminated, any such instances in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we have not experienced contract terminations due to such issues in the last three Fiscals, certain delays have occurred in some projects; however, these have generally been minor and reflect broader