(1) *Our Order Book as at a particular date is calculated based on the aggregate contract value of the ongoing projects as of such date reduced by the value of work invoiced by us until such date.*
(2) *Value of Order Book as on the specified date invoiced by the Company until the specified date*

The details of orders / projects which have been pending for last three financial years are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Description of project</td><td>Gross contract value as at March 31, 2025 (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>Order Book value as at March 31, 2025 (in ₹ lakhs)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Supply, Erection, Testing & Commissioning of 66kV Achhaliya-Bhamri Line on turnkey basis.</td><td>2,531.48</td><td>492.79</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Balance work of Supply and Erection of 400kV D/C Vadavi-Halvad line- Package 2 on turnkey basis.</td><td>897.26</td><td>140.73</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details in relation to our ongoing projects, see "*Our Business – Ongoing Projects*" on page 229.

Further, set forth below is the number of completed projects, orders pending for execution, performance guarantee, instances of non-fulfilment of contracts, performance guarantee held back, bids submitted by us and success rate of our bids as at financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of completed projects</td><td>26</td><td>11</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Orders pending for execution (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>44,168.85</td><td>51,560.95</td><td>20,989.09</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Guarantee (in ₹ lakhs)*</td><td>7,804.63</td><td>5,050.55</td><td>4,423.70</td></tr><tr><td>Instances of non-fulfilment of contracts</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Guarantee Held Back/Forfeited (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Bids submitted (in numbers)</td><td>69</td><td>64</td><td>76</td></tr><tr><td>Success rate of bids (in %)</td><td>40.58%</td><td>43.75%</td><td>46.05%</td></tr></tbody></table>

*The above amount represents the Bank Guarantee (BG) issued by our Company as security for the respective contracts, outstanding as at the end of the relevant period.*

We cannot guarantee that the income anticipated in our Order Book will be realised or if realised, will be realised on time or result in profits. The number of orders we have received in the past, our existing Order Book and our historic growth rate may not be indicative of the number of orders we will receive in the future. While none of our contracts have been cancelled by our customers during the last three Fiscals, any such instances in the future could have a material impact on our business. Further, we cannot guarantee that our Company will always receive applicable termination payments in time, or at all, or that the amount paid will be adequate to enable our Company to recover its costs in respect of the prematurely cancelled order. In such events, we may have to bear the actual costs incurred by us in executing the projects, which may exceed the agreed work as a result of which, our future earnings may be lower from the amount of the Order Book and if any of the foregoing risks materialize, our cash flow position, revenues and earnings may be adversely affected.

The completion of our orders involves various execution risks including delay or disruption in supply of raw materials, unanticipated cost increases, force majeure events, time and cost overruns, geo-political issues and operational hazards and therefore, we may not always be able to execute our projects within the scheduled time. In the event of any disruptions while executing our projects, due to natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, fire, explosion, failure of machinery, or any significant social, political or economic disturbances or civil disruptions in or around the jurisdictions where such projects are located, our ability to execute our projects may be adversely affected. While there have been no instances in the past, where our operations were affected due to such disruptions, we cannot assure you that our operations will not be affected if any such disruptions occur in future. Project delays, modifications in the scope or cancellations may occur from time to time, due to delay in payments by our customers or due to our own defaults on account of delay in delivering the order, incidents of force majeure, cash flows problems, regulatory delays, need for change in measurements and estimates used by us and any other factors beyond our control. In view of the above, projects can remain outstanding in the Order Book for extended periods of time due to the nature of the project and the timing of the services required for completion of such projects. Delays in the completion of a project for any reason whatsoever can lead to delay in receiving our payments and thereby leading to variability in revenue.