## The Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus are a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with Ind AS. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/(loss) for the year/period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a standardized term, hence a direct comparison of similarly titled Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate the Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Although the Non-GAAP Measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company's management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us because they are widely used measures to evaluate a company's operating performance.

### Reconciliation of non-GAAP measure

Reconciliation for the following non-GAAP financial measures included in this section, is set out below:

#### Reconciliation of Restated Profit for the year to EBITDA and EBITDA Margin

The table below reconciles restated profit for the year to EBITDA. EBITDA is calculated as Restated profit before share of profit/(loss) tax plus Finance Costs, Depreciation and amortization expense less other income, while EBITDA Margin is calculated as EBITDA divided by revenue from operations.

(Amount in ₹ lakhs, unless otherwise disclosed)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">As of and for the years ended March 31,</th></tr><tr><th>2025</th><th>2024</th><th>2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Restated Profit/(Loss) after Tax (A)</td><td>2,208.48</td><td>741.24</td><td>622.87</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Add:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Depreciation and amortization expenses (B)</td><td>119.06</td><td>132.28</td><td>132.05</td></tr><tr><td>Finance Cost (C)</td><td>600.49</td><td>524.40</td><td>440.19</td></tr><tr><td>Total Tax Expense (D)</td><td>858.83</td><td>212.00</td><td>144.08</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Less:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Other income (E)</td><td>221.26</td><td>163.29</td><td>147.10</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA (F = A+B+C+D-E)</td><td>3,565.60</td><td>1,446.63</td><td>1,192.94</td></tr><tr><td>Total income (G)</td><td>28,164.77</td><td>18,439.45</td><td>12,170.73</td></tr><tr><td><strong>EBITDA Margin (F/G*100) (In %)</strong></td><td><strong>12.66%</strong></td><td><strong>7.85%</strong></td><td><strong>9.80%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### Reconciliation of net asset value per equity share

The table below reconciles Net worth to net asset value per equity share. Net asset value per equity share is calculated as Net worth divided by weighted average number of equity shares. 2025 is, 2024 is 5,003.65, 2023 is 4,276.13

(Amount in ₹ lakhs, unless otherwise disclosed)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">As of and for the years ended March 31,</th></tr><tr><th>2025</th><th>2024</th><th>2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Paid-up share capital (A)</td><td>60.00</td><td>60.00</td><td>60.00</td></tr><tr><td>Other equity (B)</td><td>7,205.42</td><td>5,003.65</td><td>4,276.13</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Net worth (C = A+B)</strong></td><td><strong>7,265.42</strong></td><td><strong>5,063.65</strong></td><td><strong>4,336.13</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares (Considering Impact of Bonus Shares from retrospective effect) (D)</td><td>2,46,00,000</td><td>2,46,00,000</td><td>2,46,00,000</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Net Assets Value per Equity Share (C/D) (In ₹)</strong></td><td><strong>29.53</strong></td><td><strong>20.58</strong></td><td><strong>17.63</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### Reconciliation of Return on net worth

The table below reconciles Return on net worth. Return on net worth is calculated as Restated Profit/(Loss) for the year divided by Restated Closing Net worth for the respective period.

(Amount in ₹ lakhs, unless otherwise disclosed)