OM POWER TRANSMISSION LIMITED (formerly known as OM POWER TRANSMISSION PRIVATE LIMITED)
Restated Financial Information

The Following are analytical ratios for the year ended 31st March 2024 and 31 March 2023

<table><thead><tr><th>Ratio</th><th>Numerator</th><th>Denominator</th><th>As at March 31, 2025</th><th>As at March 31, 2024</th><th>% Variance</th><th>Reason for Variance</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Current ratio-(no of times)</td><td>Current Asset</td><td>Current Liability</td><td>1.34</td><td>1.26</td><td>5.86%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Debt-equity Ratio-(no of times)</td><td>Non current Borrowings (+) Current Borrowings</td><td>Shareholders Equity</td><td>0.52</td><td>0.59</td><td>-12.16%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Debt Service Coverage Ratio-(no of times)</td><td>Net profit after tax + Finance Costs + Non-cash Items + Loss/(Gain) on sale of Fixed Asset</td><td>Interest and Principal Repayments</td><td>3.38</td><td>1.94</td><td>74.11%</td><td>The significant reduction in loan repayments has positively impacted the DSCR, indicating improved liquidity and a stronger capacity to meet debt obligations with available earnings.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Equity Ratio-(%)</td><td>Net Profit After Tax</td><td>Average Shareholder's Equity</td><td>15.77%</td><td>15.18%</td><td>3.92%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory turnover ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>Average Inventory</td><td>79.16</td><td>42.77</td><td>85.11%</td><td>The increase in inventory turnover ratio is driven by higher sales growth, reflecting efficient inventory management and strong service demand.</td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables turnover ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>Average trade receivable</td><td>2.86</td><td>2.26</td><td>26.90%</td><td>The increase in the trade receivables turnover ratio is attributable to strengthened collection procedures, enhanced credit controls, and efficient receivables management, resulting in a reduction in average trade receivables and an increase in revenue from operations.</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Payables Turnover Ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Net Credit Purchases</td><td>Average trade payable</td><td>2.46</td><td>2.13</td><td>15.27%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Net Capital Turnover Ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>Average Working Capital</td><td>4.29</td><td>3.11</td><td>38.13%</td><td>Company's net sales have grown faster than its working capital.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Profit/(loss) Ratio-(%)</td><td>Net Profit After Tax</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>4.06%</td><td>5.19%</td><td>-21.82%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Capital employed Ratio (%)</td><td>Earning before interest and tax</td><td>Capital Employed (Tangible Net Worth + Total Debt + Deferred tax Liability/(Asset))</td><td>18.41%</td><td>15.45%</td><td>19.17%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Return on investment Ratio (%)</td><td>Current Value of Investment-Cost of Investment</td><td>Cost of Investment</td><td>15.00%</td><td>14.73%</td><td>1.82%</td><td>NA</td></tr></tbody></table>