If we are unable to diversify and/or grow our Order Book by successfully securing projects in other verticals such as substation EPC projects and underground cable projects, or securing additional projects in the transmission lines sector, our business, profitability, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, any slowdown in the power transmission and distribution sector or unfavourable developments in government policies or funding could exacerbate this risk, potentially affecting our long-term growth and stability. While in the last three fiscals we have been able to secure projects across these verticals, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so in the future.

7. **We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related-party transactions which may potentially involve conflicts of interest.**

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. A summary of our transactions with related parties is set out below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Paritculars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Total related party transactions</td><td>1,036.47</td><td>1063.06</td><td>831.23</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operations</td><td>27,943.51</td><td>18,276.16</td><td>12,023.63</td></tr><tr><td>Total Related Party Transaction as a percentage of Revenue from Operations (%)</td><td>3.71%</td><td>5.82%</td><td>6.91%</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details in relation to our related party transactions for Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, see “Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of Related Party Transactions” and “Restated Financial Information – Note 41: Related Party Transactions” on pages 29 and 330, respectively.

While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into have been conducted at arm's length with approvals from the Board and/or our shareholders, as applicable, and in accordance with applicable laws, we cannot assure you these arrangements or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. The transactions we have entered into and any future transactions with our related parties may have involved or could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. After the completion of the Offer, all related-party transactions that our Company may enter into will be subject to Audit Committee, Board or shareholder approval, as may be required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations. We cannot assure you that such approvals will be received in a timely manner or at all. Further, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that our Company could not have undertaken such transactions on more favourable terms with any unrelated parties or that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour.

8. **Bidding for a tender involves various activities such as detailed project study and cost estimations. Inability to accurately estimate the cost may lead to a reduction in the expected rate of return and profitability estimates.**

For every project, notice for invitation of tender is issued which requests interested EPC companies/contractors/participants to bid. To evaluate a project tender, we undertake various management discussions, project feasibility study, site study, cost estimations, raw material and equipment suppliers among others which aids us to calculate the estimated cost of the project on which we add-on our margin, which varies from project to project, the result of which is the tender amount which we bid for any particular project.

Accordingly, all of the bid amounts are based on estimation of the project cost, the fluctuation of which, either marginally or substantially, may impact our margins adversely. Further, we may incorrectly or inadequately estimate the project cost leading to lower bid amount affecting our profitability, in case the project is awarded to us. Excess estimation of costs may lead to higher bid amount by us owing to which, we may not be awarded a contract which may substantially impact our results of operations and financials. Further, as most of the projects are spread over a longer period of time, cost escalations in our industry is a frequent issue, although most of the agreements includes clauses relating to cost escalations, any fluctuations in costs or raw material availability or any other unanticipated costs will substantially impact the business operations, cash flows and financial conditions. Although cost escalations have occurred in the ordinary course of our projects, they have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows over the last three Fiscals. However, there can be no