OM POWER TRANSMISSION LIMITED (formerly known as OM POWER TRANSMISSION PRIVATE LIMITED)
Restated Financial Information

The Following are analytical ratios for the year ended 31st March 2023 and 31 March 2022

<table><thead><tr><td>Ratio</td><td>Numerator</td><td>Denominator</td><td>As at March 31, 2025</td><td>As at March 31, 2024</td><td>% Variance</td><td>Reason for Variance</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Current ratio-(no of times)</td><td>Current Asset</td><td>Current Liability</td><td>1.26</td><td>1.24</td><td>1.94%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Debt-equity Ratio-(no of times)</td><td>Non current Borrowings (+) Current Borrowings</td><td>Shareholders Equity</td><td>0.59</td><td>0.78</td><td>-24.49%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Debt Service Coverage Ratio-(no of times)</td><td>Net profit after tax + Finance Costs + Non-cash Items + Loss/(Gain) on sale of Fixed Asset</td><td>Interest and Principal Repayments</td><td>1.94</td><td>1.14</td><td>69.69%</td><td>The improvement in DSCR reflects stronger operating cash flows and efficient debt servicing capacity, due to higher finance cost and non-cash depreciation.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Equity Ratio-(%)</td><td>Net Profit After Tax</td><td>Average Shareholder's Equity</td><td>15.18%</td><td>21.72%</td><td>-30.12%</td><td>ROE decreased due to lower profits and higher equity base, which strengthens the Company's capital position for future growth</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory turnover ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>Average Inventory</td><td>42.77</td><td>25.20</td><td>69.73%</td><td>Inventory turnover improved as higher sales were supported by an increase in inventory levels.</td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables turnover ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>Average trade receivable</td><td>2.26</td><td>2.34</td><td>-3.44%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Payables Turnover Ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Net Credit Purchases</td><td>Average trade payable</td><td>2.13</td><td>2.30</td><td>-7.02%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Net Capital Turnover Ratio-(no. of times)</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>Average Working Capital</td><td>3.11</td><td>4.17</td><td>-25.56%</td><td>The decline in the Net Capital Turnover Ratio is mainly due to a substantial increase in average working capital, while revenue from operations grew at a comparatively slower pace.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Profit/(loss) Ratio-(%)</td><td>Net Profit After Tax</td><td>Revenue from operation</td><td>5.19%</td><td>6.99%</td><td>-25.76%</td><td>Net profit ratio declined as sales grew faster than profits, reflecting the Company's focus on expanding market share and strengthening its growth base.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Capital employed Ratio (%)</td><td>Earning before interest and tax</td><td>Capital Employed (Tangible Net Worth + Total Debt + Deferred tax Liability/(Asset))</td><td>15.45%</td><td>20.56%</td><td>-24.86%</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Return on investment Ratio (%)</td><td>Current Value of Investment-Cost of Investment</td><td>Cost of Investment</td><td>14.73%</td><td>14.78%</td><td>-0.36%</td><td>NA</td></tr></tbody></table>

344