RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991 of the Government of India and FEMA. While the Industrial Policy, 1991 prescribes the limits and the conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be made. Under the Industrial Policy, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. The Government of India has from time to time made policy pronouncements on foreign direct investment (“FDI”) through press notes and press releases.

The Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India (formerly, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion) (“DPIIT”) issued the Consolidated FDI Policy Circular of 2020, (“Consolidated FDI Policy”) which, with effect from October 15, 2020, consolidates and supersedes all previous press notes, press releases and clarifications on FDI issued by the DPIIT that were in force and effect prior to October 15, 2020.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a non-resident does not require the prior approval of RBI, provided that: (i) the activities of the investee company are under the automatic route under the Consolidated FDI Policy and transfer does not attract the provisions of the SEBI Takeover Regulations, (ii) the non-resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the Consolidated FDI policy, and (iii) the pricing is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the SEBI/RBI. The RBI and the concerned ministry/department are responsible for granting the approval for foreign investment under the FDI Circular and FEMA.

On October 17, 2019, Ministry of Finance, Department of Economic Affairs, had notified the FEMA Rules, which had replaced the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer and Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations 2017. Foreign investment in this Issue shall be on the basis of the FEMA Rules. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future FDI in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020 issued on December 8, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such bank of fund in India. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments.

As per the Consolidated FDI Policy, read with FEMA Rules, 100% foreign direct investment is permitted under the automatic route in the sector in which our Company operates, however, investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India. Each Bidder should seek independent legal advice about its ability to participate in the Offer. In the event such prior approval of the Government of India is required and such approval has been obtained, the Bidder shall intimate our Company and the Registrar to the Offer in writing about such approval along with a copy thereof within the Bid/Offer Period.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in the Offer.

For details of the aggregate limit for investments by NRIs and FPIs in our Company, see “*Offer Procedure – Bids by Eligible NRIs*” and “*Offer Procedure – Bids by FPIs*” on pages 422 and 423, respectively.

The Equity Shares offered in the Offer have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws in the United States, and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are being offered and sold outside the United States in ‘offshore transactions’ in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and the applicable laws of the jurisdictions where such offers and sales are made.