bid, along with any technical bid details required, to the project owner. For further details on the bidding process, see "*Our Business – Our Bidding Process*" on page 238. Our Company has made the following number of bids during Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023. The value of the projects awarded against these bids are also as provided below:\

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of bids made</td><td>69</td><td>64</td><td>76</td></tr><tr><td>Number of bids awarded</td><td>28</td><td>28</td><td>35</td></tr><tr><td>Value of projects awarded (in ₹ lakhs)*</td><td>21,452.77</td><td>49,446.74</td><td>10,468.65</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Excluding GST

We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the pre-qualification criteria prescribed by project owners. If we are not able to qualify for bidding for larger projects, we cannot assure you that we will be able to find a suitable joint venture counterparty on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to partner with other companies or lack the credentials to be the partner-of-choice for other companies, we may lose the opportunity to bid for large projects, which could affect our growth plans. While there have not been any such instances in the last three Fiscals, however, if we are unable to partner with other companies, it could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

Finally, even if we pre-qualify for a project, we cannot assure you that our bid, when submitted, will be successful. Further, certain project owners from the private sector may only invite a select group of contractors to participate in the bidding process. In such instances, we cannot assure you that we will be invited to bid for such projects or that our bid in a non-competitive bidding process will be successful.

In addition, our participation in government tender processes is subject to changes in qualification criteria, delays, and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that projects for which we intend to bid will be tendered in a timely manner, or at all. Further, if announced projects are not tendered within the expected timeframe, or if the qualification criteria are modified in a manner that disqualifies us, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. While there have not been any such instances in the last three Fiscals, however, if we are unable to qualify for, or successfully participate in, government tenders in the future, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

Once the prospective bidders satisfy the qualification requirements of the tender, the project is usually awarded based on the quote by the prospective bidder. We spend considerable time and resources in the preparation and submission of bids. We cannot assure you that we will bid where we have been prequalified to submit a bid or that our bids, when submitted or if already submitted, would be accepted. In addition, tender processes are regularly subject to changes in eligibility criteria, unexpected delays and other uncertainties, depending upon the nature of the project and its location or that of the project owner. Further, all our ongoing projects have been awarded to us for a definite term and the relevant authorities may float tenders for such projects after expiry of the current term. There can be no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process. In case we lose out on bid, there could be adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and growth prospects. Our future results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate materially from period to period depending on the timing of contract awards.

Orders awarded to us for the operation and maintenance of substations are for a defined term, and the relevant authorities may invite fresh tenders upon expiry of the current term. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing such projects at the end of the tender process. If we are unable to win such subsequent contracts or new bids, our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and growth prospects may be adversely affected. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows may fluctuate materially from period to period depending on the timing of contract awards.

2. As at end of Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, our trade receivables amounted to ₹ 9,011.20 lakhs, 6,989.09 lakhs, and ₹ 5,781.65 lakhs, respectively, out of which ₹861.99 lakhs, ₹1367.77 lakhs, and ₹487.46 lakhs, aggregating to 9.57%, 19.57%, and 8.43%, respectively, of our total trade receivables (excluding expected credit loss allowance) was outstanding for a period exceeding six months from their respective due dates of payments. We may not be able to collect receivables due from our customers, in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.