<table><thead><tr><td>BRLM</td><td>Website</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Beeline Capital Advisors Private Limited</td><td>https://beelinemb.com</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details in relation to the BRLM, see "General Information – Book Running Lead Manager" on page 89.

## Stock Market Data of Equity Shares

This being an initial public offer of the Equity Shares of our Company, the Equity Shares are not listed on any stock exchange as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and accordingly, no stock market data is available for the Equity Shares.

## Mechanism for redressal of investor grievances

The Registrar Agreement provides for retention of records with the Registrar to the Offer for a period of at least eight years from the date of listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges or any such period as prescribed under the applicable laws, to enable the investors to approach the Registrar to the Offer for redressal of their grievances. The Registrar to the Offer shall obtain the required information from the SCSBs for addressing any clarifications or grievances of ASBA Bidders.

Bidders can contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and/or the Registrar to the Offer in case of any pre-Offer or post-Offer related problems such as non-receipt of letters of Allotment, non-credit of Allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund orders or non-receipt of funds by electronic mode, etc. For all Offer-related queries and for redressal of complaints, Bidders may also write to the BRLM, in the manner provided below. Our Company, the BRLM and the Registrar to the Offer accept no responsibility for errors, omissions, commission or any acts of SCSBs including any defaults in complying with its obligations under the applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

All Offer related grievances, other than of Anchor Investors, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary, with whom the Bid cum Application Form was submitted giving full details such as name of the sole or First Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidder's DP ID, Client ID, UPI ID, PAN, address of Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked or the UPI ID (for UPI Bidders who make the payment of Bid Amount through the UPI Mechanism), date of Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary where the Bid was submitted. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip or the application number from the Designated Intermediary in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. For Offer-related grievances, investors may contact the BRLM, details of which are given in "General Information – Book Running Lead Manager" on page 89.

The Registrar to the Offer shall obtain the required information from the SCSBs and Sponsor Banks for addressing any clarifications or grievances of ASBA Bidders. All grievances relating to Bids submitted with Registered Brokers, may be addressed to the Stock Exchanges, with a copy to the Registrar to the Offer.

All Offer-related grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, giving full details such as the name of the sole or first bidder, Anchor Investor Application Form number, Bidders' DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Anchor Investor Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form and the name and address of the BRLM where the Anchor Investor Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor.

In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid / Offer Closing Date by the intermediary responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM, in its sole discretion, may identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. In terms of SEBI Master Circular, has identified the need to put in place measures, in order to manage and handle investor issues arising out of the UPI Mechanism inter alia in relation to delay in receipt of mandates by Bidders for blocking of funds due to systemic issues faced by Designated Intermediaries/SCSBs and failure to unblock funds in cases of partial allotment/non allotment within prescribed timelines and procedures.

In terms of SEBI ICDR Master Circular and subject to applicable law, any ASBA Bidder whose Bid has not been considered for Allotment, due to failure on the part of any SCSB, shall have the option to seek redressal of the same by the concerned SCSB within three months of the date of listing of the Equity Shares. SCSBs are required to resolve these complaints within 15 days, failing which the concerned SCSB would have to pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum