<table><thead><tr><td>Sr No.</td><td>Description of item</td><td>Total estimated cost (1) (3) (₹ in lakhs)</td><td>Quantity</td><td>Quotations received from</td><td>Date of Quotation</td><td>Validity of Quotations</td><td>Proposed Use in the existing operations of our Company</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>with Laptop</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>Stroke Diesel Operated Portable Light Tower<br/>Prime Mover - Kohler Diesel Engine Lights - 400 x 4 LED Lights<br/>Mast - 8 Mtrs Height<br/>Output - 5kVA (60Hz)</td><td>21.25</td><td>5 Numbers</td><td>Stroke Equipments India Private Limited</td><td>September 12, 2025</td><td>30 Days from Date of Quotation</td><td>To enable the team to work at night by providing the sufficient light</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">15.</td><td>Circuit Breaker Dynamic Test Set Ultimate solution</td><td>28.00</td><td>1 Number</td><td rowspan="3">Scope T&amp;M Private Limited</td><td rowspan="3">August 22, 2025</td><td rowspan="3">Valid for 6 Months from the Date of Offer</td><td rowspan="3">For testing of the various equipment of the sub-station and sub-station under operation and maintenance</td></tr><tr><td>Surge Arrester Leakage Current Analyser</td><td>11.50</td><td>1 Number</td></tr><tr><td>Gas Filling Cart Model</td><td>5.50</td><td>1 Number</td></tr><tr><td>16.</td><td>Oil BDV testing Kit with measuring gauge (GO and NO-GO) as per IS from following make and model</td><td>6.20</td><td>1 Number</td><td>Dharm Enterprise</td><td>August 11, 2025</td><td>Valid till January 31, 2026</td><td>For testing of the various equipment of the sub-station and sub-station under operation and maintenance</td></tr><tr><td>17.</td><td>40kV/20mA HIGH VOLTAGE DC TEST SET: Telemetrics/Motwane Model</td><td>3.20</td><td>1 Number</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Total</td><td>1,086.89</td><td>-</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Notes:

(1) All amounts are exclusive of GST and other applicable taxes

(2) The quotation has been received in Euro, which has been converted to INR at the conversion rate of ₹ 103.4601 as on September 15, 2025.

(3) The Management shall have the flexibility to revise such costs as stated above (due to various reasons including but not limited to change of vendor or any modification/addition/obsoletion of machinery). In such a case, the Management can utilize the surplus of proceeds, if any, to meet such cost, as required. Furthermore, if any surplus from the proceeds remains after meeting the total cost of machineries for the aforesaid purpose, the same will be used for our general corporate purposes, subject to limit of 25% of the amount raised by our Company through this Offer

114