<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management" on page 275.</td></tr><tr><td>Corporate Social Responsibility Committee or CSR Committee</td><td>The corporate social responsibility committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and as described in "Our Management – Board Committees –Corporate Social Responsibility Committee" on page 274.</td></tr><tr><td>D&B Report</td><td>The industry report titled "Report on EPC in Power Transmission Infrastructure" dated September 29, 2025, prepared and issued by Dun & Bradstreet, pursuant to a contract agreement dated July 14, 2025. The Dun & Bradstreet Report Report has been commissioned and paid for by our Company, exclusively in connection with the Offer and shall be available on the website of our Company at www.ompowertransmission.com till the Bid/Offer Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Dun & Bradstreet</td><td>Dun & Bradstreet Information Services India Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s)</td><td>The director(s) on our Board as appointed from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>The equity shares of our Company of face value of ₹ 10 each, unless otherwise stated.</td></tr><tr><td>Group Company</td><td>The group company identified in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, whereunder the term "group company" includes (i) companies with which there were related party transactions during the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, in accordance with Ind AS 24; and (ii) any other companies as considered material by our Board, in accordance with our Materiality Policy. For further details, see "Our Group Company" on page 285.</td></tr><tr><td>Joint Venture</td><td>The joint venture of our Company being, OPTL-APPL JV</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director(s)</td><td>Non-executive and independent directors of our Company who are eligible to be appointed as independent directors under the provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. For details of the Independent Directors, see "Our Management- Board of Directors" on page 259.</td></tr><tr><td>KMP/ Key Managerial Personnel</td><td>Key managerial personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and Section 2(51) of the Companies Act and as further described in "Our Management - Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management" on page 275.</td></tr><tr><td>Managing Director</td><td>The managing director of our Company, namely Kanubhai Patel. For details, see "Our Management – Board of Directors" on page 259</td></tr><tr><td>Materiality Policy</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board on September 30, 2025, for identification of: (a) outstanding material litigation proceedings; (b) Group Company; and (c) material creditors, pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and for the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>MoA/ Memorandum of Association</td><td>The memorandum of association of our Company, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The nomination and remuneration committee of our Board, constituted in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations and as described in "Our Management – Committees of the Board – Nomination and Remuneration Committee" on page 272.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoters</td><td>The promoters of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1) (oo) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations namely, Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel And Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel. For further details, please see "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on page 278.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter Group</td><td>Persons and entities constituting the promoter group of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as disclosed in "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on page 278.</td></tr><tr><td>Registered and Corporate Office/ Registered Office</td><td>The registered and corporate office of our Company situated at 703 to 706, 7th Floor, Fortune Business Hub, Nr. Shell Petrol Pump, Science City Road, Sola, Ahmedabad-380060, Gujarat, India.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar of Companies/RoC</td><td>The Registrar of Companies, Gujarat at Ahmedabad.</td></tr><tr><td>Restated Financial Information / Restated Financial Statements</td><td>The restated financial information of our Company as at and for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, which comprises the</td></tr></tbody></table>

2