Bid/Offer Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date by the SCSB responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in its sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The Bidders shall be compensated in the manner specified in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to be incorporated in the deemed agreement of our Company with the SCSBs, to the extent applicable, and any other applicable law in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds. The processing fees for applications made by the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs) only after such banks provide a written confirmation in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular.

This above timetable in respect of the Offer is indicative in nature and does not constitute any obligation or liability on our Company or any of the Promoter Selling Shareholders or the BRLM.

While our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for the listing and the commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges are taken within three Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by SEBI, the timetable may be extended due to various factors, such as extension of the Bid/Offer Period by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, the, revision of the Price Band or any delay in receiving the final listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges. In terms of the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, our Company shall within four days from the closure of the Offer, refund the subscription amount received in case of non – receipt of minimum subscription or in case our Company fails to obtain listing or trading permission from the Stock Exchanges for the Equity Shares. The commencement of trading of the Equity Shares will be entirely at the discretion of the Stock Exchanges and in accordance with the applicable laws. Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders confirm that they shall extend all reasonable support and co-operation required by our Company and the BRLM for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares at the Stock Exchanges within three Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI.

SEBI vide circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 has reduced the post issue timeline for initial public offerings. The revised timeline of T+3 days had been made applicable in two phases, i.e., voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Accordingly, the Offer will be made under UPI Phase III T+3 listing on mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time. In terms of the UPI Circulars, in relation to the Offer, the Book Running Lead Manager will be required to submit reports of compliance with timelines and activities prescribed by SEBI in connection with the allotment and listing procedure within three Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other time as prescribed by SEBI, identifying non-adherence to timelines and processes and an analysis of entities responsible for the delay and the reasons associated with it.

Any circulars or notifications from SEBI after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may result in changes to the above-mentioned timelines. Further, the Offer procedure is subject to change to any revised SEBI circulars to this effect.

**Submission of Bids (other than Bids from Anchor Investors):**

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/ Offer Period (except the Bid/ Offer Closing Date)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Submission and Revision in Bids</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. Indian Standard Time ("IST")</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/ Offer Closing Date*</th></tr><tr><td>Submission of Bids</td><td><strong>Electronic Applications</strong><br>i. Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts for RIIs – Only between 10.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. IST.<br>ii. Bank ASBA through online channels like internet banking, mobile banking and Syndicate ASBA applications through UPI as a payment mechanism where Bid Amount is up to ₹ 5.00 lakhs – Only between 10.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m. IST.<br>iii. Syndicate non-retail, non-individual Applications of QIBs and NIIs – Only between 10.00 a.m. and 3.00 p.m. IST<br><br><strong>Physical Applications</strong><br>i. Direct bank ASBA – Only between 10.00 a.m. and 1.00 p.m. IST.<br>ii. Syndicate non-retail, non-individual applications of QIBs and NIIs where Bid Amount is more than ₹ 5.00 lakhs - Only between 10.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. IST and Syndicate members shall</td></tr></tbody></table>