# SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT

This section is a general summary of certain disclosures included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and is not exhaustive, nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or all details relevant to prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the sections "Risk Factors", "Our Business", "Industry Overview", "Capital Structure", "The Offer", "Restated Financial Information", "Objects of the Offer", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations" and "Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments" on pages 33, 225, 145, 95, 80, 288, 108, 354 and 386 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

## Primary business of our Company

We are a power transmission infrastructure engineering, procurement, and construction ("EPC") company with over 14 years of experience. Our expertise lies in the execution of high-voltage ("HV") and extra-high voltage ("EHV") transmission lines, substations and underground cabling projects delivered on a turnkey basis, encompassing design, engineering, supply, erection, installation, testing, commissioning, and comprehensive operation and maintenance ("O&M") services. Since commencement of our operations in 2011 in the State of Gujarat, we have commissioned transmission lines, substations and underground cables, covering in aggregate over 1,000 circuit kilometers ("CKM") of transmission lines and 11 substations respectively. Our EPC capabilities extend to transmission lines ranging from 11 kilovolts ("kV") to 400 kV and substations up to 220 kV. For further details, see "Our Business" on page 225.

## Summary of industry in which our Company operates

Between FY 2020-25, India's power transmission infrastructure witnessed steady growth, both in terms of transmission lines and the transformation capacity of substations. The total length of transmission lines (AC+HVDC) increased from 425,071 ckm in FY 2020 to 490,374 ckm in FY 2025, reflecting an overall CAGR of approximately 3.1%. This expansion signifies continuous efforts to improve electricity transmission across the country, ensuring better connectivity and efficiency in power distribution. Simultaneously, the transformation capacity of substations (220KV and above) saw a substantial increase from 967,893 MVA in FY 2020 to 1,337,513 MVA in FY 2025, marking a notable growth of around 6.7% (Source: D&B Report).

For further details, see "Industry Overview" on page 145.

## Our Promoters

Kalpesh Dhanjibhai Patel, Kanubhai Patel and Vasantkumar Narayanbhai Patel are our Promoters. For further details, see "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" at page 278.

## The Offer

<table><tr><td>Offer <sup>(1) (2)</sup></td><td>Up to 1,00,00,000 Equity Shares for cash at price of ₹ 10 per Equity Share (including a premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share), aggregating up to [●] lakhs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Of which</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue <sup>(1) (2)</sup></td><td>Up to 90,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs</td></tr><tr><td>Offer for Sale <sup>(3)(4)</sup></td><td>Up to 10,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each aggregating up to [●] lakhs</td></tr></table>

(1) The Offer has been authorized by our Board pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on September 16, 2025, and by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed at their EGM held on September 17, 2025. Further, our Board has taken on record the consents issued by the Promoter Selling Shareholders pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on September 16, 2025
(2) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider an issue of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC ("Pre-IPO Placement"). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the Objects of the Offer in compliance with applicable law. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20.00% of the Fresh Issue size. Our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.