<table><thead><tr><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue Growth Year on Year</td><td>Revenue Growth measures the percentage increase or decrease in a company's revenue compared to the same period in the previous year.</td></tr><tr><td>PAT</td><td>Profit after tax provides information regarding the overall profitability of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>PAT Margin</td><td>PAT Margin (%) is an indicator of the overall profitability and financial performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Worth</td><td>Net worth is used by the management to ascertain the total value created by the entity and provides a snapshot of current financial position of the entity.</td></tr><tr><td>Debt</td><td>It shows the total borrowings that the company needs to repay over time.</td></tr><tr><td>Current Ratio</td><td>Current Ratio indicates the company's ability to meet its short-term obligations.</td></tr><tr><td>Debt-Equity Ratio</td><td>Debt-Equity Ratio shows the proportion of debt used to finance the company relative to equity. A higher ratio indicates higher financial risk.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong><u>Non-GAAP Financial Measures</u></strong></td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA</td><td>EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin</td><td>EBITDA Margin (%) is an indicator of the operational profitability and financial performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>ROE (%)</td><td>ROE provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from shareholders' funds.</td></tr><tr><td>ROCE (%)</td><td>ROCE provides how efficiently our Company generates earnings from the capital employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Cash Profit after tax</td><td>Cash Profit After Tax is the profit a company earns after paying taxes but adjusted to include non-cash expenses (like depreciation and amortization). It reflects the actual cash-based profitability rather than just accounting profit.</td></tr><tr><td>Operating Cash flow</td><td>Operating cash Flow reflects the company's ability to generate sufficient cash to maintain and grow operations, pay off debts, and reinvest in the business.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong><u>Operational Measures</u></strong></td></tr><tr><td>Trade Receivable Days</td><td>Trade receivable days show the average number of days a company takes to collect payments from its customers for goods or services sold on credit.</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Payable Days</td><td>Trade payable days indicate the average number of days a company takes to pay its suppliers for goods purchased on credit.</td></tr><tr><td>Cash Conversion Cycle</td><td>Cash Conversion Cycle helps in measures the time (in days) it takes for a company to convert its investments in inventory and other resources into cash flows from sales. It reflects the efficiency of a company's working capital management.</td></tr></tbody></table>

The KPIs of our Company have been disclosed in the sections "Our Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" starting on pages 123 and 226 respectively.

(iii) We confirm that all Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) disclosed to investors over the past three years preceding the date of filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP)/Red Herring Prospectus (RHP) have been fully disclosed under the 'Basis for Issue Price' section of this document. These KPIs provide a comprehensive view of our operational and financial performance, ensuring consistency and transparency for prospective investors.

(iv) The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed and verified the KPIs disclosed in this document. The Committee confirms that these KPIs are consistent with those previously disclosed to investors within the three years preceding the date of filing this DRHP/RHP. Furthermore, the Audit Committee ensures that the data has been audited and accurately reflects the company's performance, providing a reliable basis for determining the issue price.

## D. Weighted Average cost of Acquisition

### a. Price per share of our Company based on the primary issue of Shares

Other than mention below, there has been no issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities during the 18 months preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, excluding the shares issued under the ESOP Schemes and issuance of bonus shares, where such issuance is equal to or more than 5% of the fully diluted paid-up share capital of the Company (calculated based on the pre-Issue capital before such transaction(s) and excluding employee stock options granted but not vested), in a single transaction or multiple transactions combined together over a span of 30 days.