CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The share capital of the Company as at the date of the DRHP is set forth below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Section</th><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Amount (Rs. in Lakhs)</th></tr><tr><th>Aggregate nominal value</th><th>Aggregate value at Issue Price*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>A. Authorised Share Capital</td><td>2,40,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each</td><td>2400.00</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>B. Issued, Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital before the Issue</td><td>1,34,10,125 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each</td><td>1341.01</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>C. Present Issue in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus#</td><td>Offer of up to 56,00,000 Equity Shares of Face Value Rs. 10/- each</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Of which:</td><td>Up to [•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Fresh issue of up to 56,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of Rs [•] each</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Which comprises of:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td> Reservation for Market Maker Portion Up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td> Net Offer to the Public [•] Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each</td><td>Up to [•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td> Of Which **</td><td>Up to [•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>At least [•] Equity Shares aggregating up to Rs. [•] lakhs will be available for allocation to Individual investors who applies for minimum application size.</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>At least [•] Equity Shares aggregating up to Rs. [•] lakhs will be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Not more than [•] Equity Shares aggregating up to Rs. [•] lakhs will be available for allocation to Qualified Institutional Buyers, five per cent. of which shall be allocated to mutual funds</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>D. Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital after the Issue</td><td>[•] Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each</td><td>[•]</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>E. Securities Premium Account</td><td>Before the Issue</td><td>-</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>After the Issue</td><td>[•]</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

*To be updated upon the finalization of the Issue Price

** The allocation to all categories shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid Applications received at or above the Issue Price. Under subscription, if any, in any of the categories, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any of the other categories or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and Designated Stock Exchange. Such inter-se spill over, if any, would be affected in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

#The Issue has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held on August 30, 2025 and by the shareholders of our Company vide a special resolution passed at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on September 22, 2025. This Issue is being made by our company in terms of Regulation of 229 (2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations read with Rule 19(2)(b)(i) of SCRR wherein not less than 25% of the post – Issue paid up equity share capital of our company are being offered to