ISSUE STRUCTURE

This Issue is being made in terms of Regulation 229 (2) of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time, whereby, an issuer whose post issue paid up face value capital is more than Rs.10 Crores, shall issue shares to the public and propose to list the same on the Small and Medium Enterprise Exchange (“EMERGE Exchange”, in this case being the NSE EMERGE Platform of NSE. For further details regarding the salient features and terms of such an issue please refer "Terms of the Issue "and "Issue Procedure" on page 269 and 280 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

The Issue comprise of a Public Issue of up to 56,00,000 Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs.10/- each fully paid (The “Equity Shares”) for cash at a price of Rs. [●]/- per Equity Shares (including a premium of Rs. [●]/- per equity share) aggregating to Rs. [●]/-Lakhs (“the Issue”) by our Company.

A Pre-IPO Placement may be undertaken by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, for an aggregate amount not exceeding ₹500.00 lakhs. The Pre – IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM and will be completed prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, the amount raised from the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to the Issue complying with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre – IPO Placement, if undertaken shall not exceed 20% of the Fresh Issue Size. prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to Allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscriber to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.

The Issue comprises a reservation of which [●] Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each will be reserved for subscription by Market Maker Reservations Portion and a Net Issue to the public of [●] Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each is hereinafter referred to as the net issue. The Issue and the Net Issue will constitute [●] % and [●] % respectively of the post issue paid up Equity Share Capital of the Company.

The Issue is being made by way of Book Building Process.

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars of the Issue</td><td>Market Maker Reservation Portion</td><td>QIBs</td><td>Non-Institutional Applicants</td><td>Individual Investors</td><td>Eligible Employees</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for allotments/ allocation</td><td>[●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares.</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of offer Size available for allotments/ allocation</td><td>5% of the Issue Size</td><td>Not more than 50% of the Net Issue being available for allocation to QIB Bidder<br/>However, up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion may be available for allocation proportionately to Mutual Funds only.<br/>Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the</td><td>Not less than 15% of the Net Issue subject to the following:<br/>a) One-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two and such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10 lakhs; and</td><td>Not less than 35% of the Net Issue</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

275