efficiency, ability to achieve our strategic objectives, meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Any loss of members of our management team or key managerial personnel or senior management could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, affect our succession planning and could harm our business and customer relationships.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**33. If we are unable to obtain, protect or use our intellectual property rights, our business may be adversely affected.**

We rely on our intellectual property for the success of our business which includes one domain name and our multiple trademarks. For further details please refer the chapter “**Our Business**” on page no 123 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our domain name may expire, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew it after expiry. While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our intellectual property rights can be adequately protected in a timely manner. We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving and could expose us to substantial risks and costs. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions, cash flows and future prospects.

Further, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our offerings. If such claims are raised against us in the future, they could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease use of certain of our brands, can result in significant damages being awarded and injunctions that could prevent us from offering our products. In addition, there is no assurance that steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to stop infringement by others, including imitation and misappropriation of our brand. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions, cash flows and future prospects.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**34. The Objects of the Issue for which funds are being raised, are based on our management estimates and any bank or financial institution or any independent agency has not appraised the same. The deployment of funds in the project is entirely at our discretion, based on the parameters as mentioned in the chapter titled "Objects of the Issue".**

The fund requirement and deployment plan, as mentioned in the “**Objects of the Issue**” on page 82 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, is based on the estimates of our management and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. These fund requirements are based on our current business plan. We cannot assure that the current business plan will be implemented in its entirety or at all. In view of the highly competitive and dynamic nature of our business, we may have to revise our business plan from time to time and consequently these fund requirements. The deployment of the funds as stated under chapter “**Objects of the Issue**” is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is not subject to monitoring by any external independent agency.

Further, we cannot assure that the actual costs or schedule of implementation as stated under chapter “Objects of the Issue” will not vary from the estimated costs or schedule of implementation. Any such variance may be on account of one or more factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Occurrence of any such event may delay our business plans and/or may have an adverse bearing on our expected revenues and earnings.

**35. We are exposed to the risk of delays or non-payment by our clients and other counterparties, which may also result in cash flow mismatches.**

We are exposed to counterparty credit risk in the usual course of our business dealings with our clients or other counterparties who may delay or fail to make payments or perform their other contractual obligations. The financial condition of our clients, business partners, suppliers and other counterparties may be affected by the performance of their business which may be impacted by several factors including general economic conditions. We cannot assure you of the continued viability of our counterparties or that we will accurately assess their creditworthiness. We also cannot assure you that we will be able to collect the whole or any part of any