# SECTION VIII – ISSUE INFORMATION

## TERMS OF THE ISSUE

The Equity Shares being issued, offered and Allotted pursuant to the Issue are subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, SCRR, SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Abridged Prospectus, the Bid cum Application Form, the Revision Form, CAN and other terms and conditions as may be incorporated in the Allotment Advice and other documents or certificates that may be executed in respect of the Issue. The Equity Shares shall also be subject to all applicable laws, guidelines, rules, notifications and regulations relating to the issue and offer of capital and listing and trading of issued securities enacted from time to time by SEBI, the GoI, the Stock Exchanges, the RoC, the RBI, and/or other authorities, as in force on the date of the Issue and to the extent applicable, or such other conditions as may be prescribed by such governmental, regulatory or statutory authority while granting its approval for the Issue.

### The Issue

The present Public Issue of up to 56,00,000* Equity Shares has been authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors of our Company at their meeting held on August 30, 2025 and was approved by the Shareholders of the Company by passing Special Resolution at the Annual General Meeting held on September 22, 2025 in accordance with the provisions of Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.

* The Issue has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held on August 30, 2025 and by the shareholders of our Company vide a special resolution passed at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on September 22, 2025. This Issue is being made by our company in terms of Regulation of 229 (2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations read with Rule 19(2)(b)(i) of SCRR wherein not less than 25% of the post - Issue paid up equity share capital of our company are being offered to the public for subscription. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider issuing up to [●] Equity Shares as a Pre-IPO Placement by our Company for an aggregate amount not exceeding ₹ 500.00 lakhs. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, and the Pre-IPO Placement will be completed prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, the amount raised from the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, our Company shall report to the stock exchange within twenty-four hours of such Pre-IPO Placement transactions (in part or in entirety).

### Ranking of the equity shares

The Equity Shares being issued shall be subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and our MOA and AOA and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares of our Company including rights in respect of dividend. The Allottees, upon Allotment of Equity Shares under this Issue, will be entitled to receive dividends and other corporate benefits, if any, declared by our Company after the date of Allotment. For further details, please refer to, 'Main Provisions of Article of Association', beginning on page 322 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

### Mode of payment of dividend

The declaration and payment of dividend will be as per the provisions of Companies Act, the Articles of Association, the provision of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and any other rules, regulations or guidelines as may be issued by the Government of India in connection thereto and as per the recommendation by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders at their discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to earnings, capital requirements and overall financial condition of our Company. We shall pay dividends in cash and as per provisions of the Companies Act and our Articles of Association. Further Interim Dividend (if any declared) will be approved by the Board of Directors for further details, please refer to "Dividend Policy" and "Main Provisions of Article of Association" beginning on page 181 and 314 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

### Face Value, Offer Price, Floor Price, and Price Band

The face value of each Equity Share is Rs. 10/- and the Issue Price at the lower end of the Price Band is Rs. [●] per Equity Share ("Floor Price") and at the higher end of the Price Band is Rs. [●] per Equity Share ("Cap Price").

The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot will be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM and advertised in all editions of an English National daily newspaper, all editions of a Hindi National daily newspaper, and regional newspaper, each with wide circulation, at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date and shall be made available to the Stock