30. A forfeited share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Board thinks fit. At any time before a sale or disposal as aforesaid the Board may cancel the forfeiture on such terms as it thinks fit.

31. A person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a member in respect of the forfeited shares but shall notwithstanding the forfeiture remain liable to pay to the company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were presently payable by him to the company in respect of the shares. The liability of such person shall cease if and when the company shall have received payment in full of all such monies in respect of the shares.

32. A duly verified declaration in writing that the declarant is a director the manager or the secretary of the company and that a share in the company has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share The company may receive the consideration if any given for the share on any sale or disposal thereof and may execute a transfer of the share in favour of the person to whom the share is sold or disposed of The transferee shall thereupon be registered as the holder of the share and The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money if any nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture sale or disposal of the share.

33. The provisions of these regulations as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable at a fixed time whether on account of the nominal value of the share or by way of premium as if the same had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

Alteration of capital

34. The company may from time to time by ordinary resolution increase the share capital by such sum to be divided into shares of such amount as may be specified in the resolution.

35. Subject to the provisions of section 61 the company may by ordinary resolution consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger amount than its existing shares convert all or any of its fully paid-up shares into stock and reconvert that stock into fully paid-up shares of any denomination sub-divide its existing shares or any of them into shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the memorandum cancel any shares which at the date of the passing of the resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person.

36. Where shares are converted into stock the holders of stock may transfer the same or any part thereof in the same manner as and subject to the same regulations under which the shares from which the stock arose might before the conversion have been transferred or as near thereto as circumstances admit Provided that the Board may from time to time fix the minimum amount of stock transferable so however that such minimum shall not exceed the nominal amount of the shares from which the stock arose. The holders of stock shall according to the amount of stock held by them have the same rights privileges and advantages as regards dividends voting at meetings of the company and other matters as if they held the shares from which the stock arose but no such privilege or advantage (except participation in the dividends and profits of the company and in the assets on winding up) shall be conferred by an amount of stock which would not if existing in shares have conferred that privilege or advantage. such of the regulations of the company as are applicable to paid-up shares shall apply to stock and the words share and shareholder in those regulations shall include stock and stock-holder respectively.

37. The company may by special resolution reduce in any manner and with and subject to any incident authorised and consent required by law it shall reduce any capital redemption reserve account or any share premium account.

Capitalisation of profits

38. The company in general meeting may upon the recommendation of the Board resolve that it is desirable to capitalise any part of the amount for the time being standing to the credit of any of the company's reserve accounts or to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution and that such sum be accordingly set free for distribution in the manner specified in clause (ii) amongst the members who would have been entitled thereto if distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions. The sum aforesaid shall not be paid in cash but shall be applied subject to the provision contained in clause (iii) either in or towards paying up any amounts for the time being unpaid on any shares held by such members respectively paying up in full unissued shares of the company to be allotted and distributed credited as fully paid-up to and amongst such members in the proportions aforesaid partly in the way specified in sub-clause (A) and partly in that specified in sub-clause (B) A securities premium account and a capital redemption reserve account may for the purposes of this regulation be applied in the paying up of unissued shares to be issued to members of the company as fully paid bonus shares The Board shall give effect to the resolution passed by the company in pursuance of this regulation.