<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Issuer Related Terms</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Articles / Articles of Association</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, refers to the Articles of Association of Madhur Knit Crafts Limited, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Audit Committee</td><td>The committee of the Board of Directors constituted as the Company's Audit Committee is in accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder and disclosed as such in the chapter titled "Our Management" on page 160 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Auditors/ Statutory Auditors</td><td>The Statutory Auditors of our Company, being V. V. Bhalla & Co., Chartered Accountants.</td></tr><tr><td>Banker to the Company</td><td>Banker to the company is HDFC Bank.</td></tr><tr><td>Board of Directors / Board/ Director(s)</td><td>The Board of Directors of Madhur Knit Crafts Limited, including all duly constituted Committees thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>CIN</td><td>Corporate Identification Number of our Company i.e. U17301PB1997PLC020381</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act</td><td>The Companies Act, 2013 including provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, to the extent not repealed.</td></tr><tr><td>Company Secretary and Compliance Officer</td><td>The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company being, Nikita Tayal.</td></tr><tr><td>Chief Financial Officer</td><td>The Chief Financial Officer of our Company being Piyush Gupta.</td></tr><tr><td>CSR Committee</td><td>The CSR Committee of our Company constituted June 12, 2025, on in accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the details of which are provided in "Our Management" beginning on page 160 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>DIN</td><td>Directors Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s) / our directors</td><td>The Director(s) of our Company, unless otherwise specified.</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories Act</td><td>The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>Equity Shares of our Company of Face Value of Rs.10 each unless otherwise specified in the context thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shareholders</td><td>Persons holding equity shares of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies</td><td>Group companies of our Company in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details, see "Our Group Companies" beginning on page 254.</td></tr><tr><td>HUF</td><td>Hindu Undivided Family.</td></tr><tr><td>Indian GAAP</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India.</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number. In this case being INE1P5601010.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Managerial Personnel /Key Managerial Employees</td><td>The officer vested with executive power and the officers at the level immediately below the Board of Directors as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" on page 160 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Performance Indicators" or "KPIs"</td><td>Key financial and operational performance indicators of our Company, as included in "Basis for Issue Price" beginning on page 98.</td></tr><tr><td>MOA / Memorandum / Memorandum of Association</td><td>Memorandum of Association of Madhur Knit Crafts Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of our Company, constituted June 12, 2025, on in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013, the details of which are provided in "Our Management" beginning on page 160 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Residents</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA.</td></tr><tr><td>NRIs / Non-Resident Indians</td><td>A person outside India, as defined under FEMA and who is a citizen of India or a Person of Indian Origin under Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>Person or Persons</td><td>Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, Company, partnership, limited liability Company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires.</td></tr></tbody></table>