<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>NIF</td><td>National Investment Fund set up by resolution F. No. 2/3/2005-DDII dated November 23, 2005, of Government of India published in the Gazette of India.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Applicants</td><td>All Bidders, including FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, registered with the SEBI that are not QIBs (including Anchor Investors) or Individual Investors or the Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion, who have Bid for Equity Shares with an application size of more than two lots and above.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue being not less than 15% of the Net Issue, or [●] Equity Shares, available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors, of which one-third shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10 lakhs and two-third of the portion available to non institutional investors shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹10 lakhs provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to Bidders in the other subcategory of Non-Institutional Investors, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Resident / NR</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes Eligible NRIs, FPIs registered with SEBI and FVCIs registered with SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>OCB / Overseas Corporate Body</td><td>A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to the extent of at least 60% by NRIs, including overseas trust in which not less than 60% of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly as defined under Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Payment through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Payment through ECS / NECS, Direct Credit, RTGS or NEFT, as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account</td><td>Account opened with the Banker to the Issue/ Public Issue Bank i.e. [●] by our Company to receive monies from the SCSBs from the bank accounts of the ASBA Applicants on the Designated Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Bank</td><td>The banks which are a clearing member and registered with SEBI as a banker to an issue and with whom the Public Issue Account for collection of Bid Amounts from Escrow Account and ASBA Accounts will be opened.</td></tr><tr><td>Pre-IPO Placement</td><td>The further issue(s) of specified securities through one or more private placement, preferential issue or any other method as may be permitted under applicable law to any person(s), for cash consideration, aggregating up to ₹ 500.00 lakhs, which may be undertaken by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, at its discretion, in one or more tranches, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC.<br>The price of the specified securities allotted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement shall be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the Fresh Issue size will be reduced to the extent of such Pre-IPO Placement, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, our Company shall report to the stock exchange within twenty-four hours of such Pre-IPO Placement transactions (in part or in entirety).</td></tr><tr><td>Prospectus</td><td>The Prospectus, which is filed with the RoC containing, inter alia, the Issue opening and closing dates and other information.</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Institutional Buyers / QIBs</td><td>A qualified institutional buyer, as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the offer (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50% of the Net Issue comprising up to [●] Equity Shares which shall be allocated to QIBs (including Anchor Investors), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account</td><td>Account(s) to which monies to be refunded to the Applicants shall be transferred from the Public Issue Account in case listing of the Equity Shares does not occur.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Bank</td><td>The bank(s) which is/are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Banker(s) to the Issue, at which the Refund Account for the Issue will be opened in case listing of the Equity Shares does not occur, in this case being [●].</td></tr></tbody></table>