ISSUE PROCEDURE

All Bidders should read the General Information Document for Investing in Public Issue prepared and issued in accordance with the circular no. SEBI circular no CIR/CFD/DIL/12/2013 dated October 23, 2013 and updated pursuant to SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 (the “General Information Document”) which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, the SCRR and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLMs. Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document which are applicable to the Issue, especially in relation to the process for Bids by UPI Bidders through the UPI Mechanism. Investors should note that the details and process provided in the General Information Document should be read along with this section.

Additionally, all bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information in relation to (i) category of investors eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum Bid size; (iii) price discovery and allocation; (iv) payment instructions for ASBA Bidders; (v) issuance of Confirmation of Allocation Note (“CAN”) and Allotment in the Issue; (vi) general instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Bid cum Application Form); (vii) Designated Date; (viii) disposal of applications and electronic registration of bids; (ix) submission of Bid cum Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint bids in cases of individual, multiple bids and instances when an application would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act relating to punishment for fictitious applications; (xii) mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI through its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated November 1, 2018, as amended from time to time, including pursuant to circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50) dated April 3, 2019 has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. UPI has been introduced in a phased manner as a payment mechanism in addition to ASBA for applications by Individual Bidders through intermediaries from January 1, 2019. The UPI Mechanism for Individual Bidders applying through Designated Intermediaries, in phase I, was effective along with the prior process and existing timeline of T+6 days (“UPI Phase I”), until June 30, 2019. Subsequently, for applications by Individual Bidders through Designated Intermediaries, the process of physical movement of forms from Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and IBs submitting their ASBA Forms through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can only use UPI Mechanism with existing timeline of T+6 days until further notice pursuant to SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020 (“UPI Phase II”). SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 had approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares in public issue from the existing six working days to three working days. Pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023, the final reduced timeline of T+3 days using the UPI Mechanism for applications by UPI Bidders (“UPI Phase III”)has been made voluntary for public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and mandatory for public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023.

The Issue will be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures under UPI Phase III on mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time. Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022, had introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances. Subsequently, vide the SEBI RTA Master Circular, consolidated the aforementioned circulars to the extent relevant for RTAs, and rescinded these circulars. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual bidders in initial public offerings whose application sizes are up to ₹ 500,000 shall use the UPI Mechanism. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings shall be processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories). These circulars are effective for initial public offers opening on/or after May 1, 2021, and the provisions of these circulars, as amended, are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

In terms of Regulation 23(5) and Regulation 52 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the timelines and processes mentioned in SEBI RTA Master Circular, shall continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead managers shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process.

In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date, in accordance with the SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs.100 per day or 15% per annum on the Bid Amount for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date by the intermediary responsible for causing such delay in unblocking, unless otherwise prescribed under applicable law. The BRLMs shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay