<table><tr><td></td><td>period over the years was primarily on account of timing of payments and accruals. The Company expects to maintain the holding period at around 9 days in F.Y. 2025-26 and 7 days in F.Y. 2026-27.</td></tr><tr><td>Short term provisions</td><td>Short-term provisions include provision for income tax and provision for gratuity. Our short-term provisions holding period for the F.Y. 2022-23, 2023-24 and 2024-25 were 1 day, 1 day and 10 days respectively. The holding period has remained low due to timely settlements and efficient financial planning. Further, the Company anticipates maintaining the short-term provisions holding period at around 8 days and 6 days for F.Y. 2025-26 and 2026-27 respectively.</td></tr></table>

As per the certificate dated 15th October 2025, issued by our Statutory Auditors, V.V. Bhalla & Co., Chartered Accountants, have compiled and confirmed the working capital estimates and working capital projections.

## 2. Prepayment or repayment of a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company

We propose to utilise an amount of Rs.1,740.00 Lakhs from the Net Proceeds towards repayment or prepayment, in part or full of certain borrowings listed in the table below of which certain of the borrowings pertains to term loans availed by our Company. The Net Proceeds utilized towards repayment or prepayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company and **will not be utilised for repayment of loan from promoter, promoter group or any related party, from the issue proceeds, whether directly or indirectly.** We believe that such repayment or prepayment will help reduce our outstanding indebtedness and our debt-equity ratio and enable utilization of our internal accruals for further investment in business growth and expansion in new projects. Our Company may avail further loans after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and/or draw down further funds under existing loans. In addition, we believe that the strength of our balance sheet and our leverage capacity will further improve, which shall enable us to raise further capital in the future at competitive rates to fund potential business development opportunities and plans to grow and expand our business in the coming years.

In the event our Board deems appropriate prior to filing the Red Herring Prospectus. We may choose to repay, or pre-pay certain borrowings availed by us, other than those identified in the table below, which may include additional borrowings we may avail after the filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Given the nature of these borrowings and the terms of repayment/prepayment, the aggregate outstanding borrowing amounts may vary from time to time. In light of the above, at the time of filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the table below shall be suitably updated to reflect the revised amounts or loans as the case may be which have been availed by us. The amount allocated for the estimated schedule of deployment of Net Proceeds in a particular fiscal may be repaid/ prepaid in part or full by our Company in the subsequent fiscal. The selection of borrowings proposed to be repaid/prepaid by us shall be based on various factors including (i) any conditions attached to the borrowings restricting our ability to prepay the borrowings and time taken to fulfil such requirements, (ii) levy of any prepayment penalties and the quantum thereof, (iii) other commercial considerations including, among others, the interest rate on the loan facility, the amount of the loan outstanding and the remaining tenor of the loan, (iv) receipt of consents for prepayment or waiver from any conditions attached to such prepayment from our lenders and (v) provisions of any law, rules, regulations governing such borrowings. The following table provides details of certain borrowings availed by us which are outstanding as on August 31, 2025, out of which we may repay or prepay, in full or in part, any or all of the borrowings from the Net Proceeds: