<table><tr><td></td><td><ul><li>We confirm that neither the promoters nor the companies promoted by them are currently suspended from trading due to non-compliance with regulatory requirements except as mentioned in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</li><li>We further confirm that none of the directors associated with any company that have been disqualified or debarred by any regulatory authority except as mentioned in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td><u>Pending defaults in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to the debenture/bond/fixed deposit holders by the applicant company, promoters/ promoting company(ies), Subsidiary Companies.</u><br/>There are no defaults in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to the debenture/bond/fixed deposit holders by our company, promoters/ promoting company(ies), Subsidiary Companies except as mentioned in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td><u>Name change within last one year</u><br/>There has been no name change in the name of the company within last one year.</td></tr></table>

Other Requirements

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td><u>The Issuer has a website. (Kindly note that the content placed on the website of the Issuer is in line with the Issue Document)</u><br/>Our company website is www.mkcpl.in and We confirm that the information presented on our website is consistent with the details and disclosures provided in our issue document.</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td><u>100% of the Promoter's shareholding in the Company should be in Dematerialized form.</u><br/>The entire Equity Shares held by the Promoters have been dematerialized.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td><u>The Issuer has entered into an agreement with both depositories</u><br/>Our Company has entered into an agreement dated February 18, 2025 with NSDL and agreement dated February 28, 2025 with CDSL for dematerialisation of its Equity Shares already issued and proposed to be offered.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td><u>Change in the promoters of the company in preceding one year</u><br/>There has been no change in the promoters of the company in preceding one year from date of filing the application to NSE for listing under EMERGE segment.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td><u>Composition of the Board</u><br/>The composition of the board is in compliance with the requirements of Companies Act, 2013 at the time of in-principle approval.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td><u>The Company has not been referred to NCLT under IBC.</u><br/>Our Company has not been referred to Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) or no proceedings have been admitted under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code against our company and promoting companies.</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td><u>Winding up petition against the company, which has been admitted by the court</u><br/>There is no winding up petition against the company, which has been admitted by NCLT/ Court of competent jurisdiction or a liquidator has not been appointed.</td></tr></tbody></table>

We further confirm that we shall be complying with all the other requirements as laid down for such an Issue under Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, as amended from time to time and subsequent circulars and guidelines issued by SEBI and the NSE EMERGE.

260