<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>regional language of Punjab, where our Registered Office is located). In case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue Closing Date shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, and also be notified on the websites of the BRLM and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members, if any and communicated to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank, which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same newspapers in which the Bid/ Issue Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/Issue Opening Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being [●], which shall be published in all editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), [●] and all editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper), and local edition of [●] (Punjabi being the regional language of Punjab, where our Registered Office is located).</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Period</td><td>Except in relation to Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. Provided, however, that the Bidding shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor Investor In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company may, in consultation with the BRLM, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid / Issue Period for a minimum of three Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working Days.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidder</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied, includes an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Building Process</td><td>Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the Issue is being made.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Running Lead Manager or BRLM</td><td>The Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, namely SKI Capital Services Limited ("SKI").</td></tr><tr><td>Broker Centre's</td><td>Broker Centre's notified by the Stock Exchanges where ASBA Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such Broker Centre's, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Broker are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange (www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>CAN / Confirmation of Allocation Note</td><td>A notice or intimation of allocation of the Equity Shares sent to Anchor Investors, who have been allocated Equity Shares, on or after the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period.</td></tr><tr><td>Cap Price</td><td>The higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Client ID</td><td>Client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to Demat account.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Depository Participant(s) or CDP(s)</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of circular No. GR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI as per the list available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges, as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Controlling Branch</td><td>Such branch of the SCSBs which coordinate Applications under this Issue by the ASBA Applicants with the Registrar to the Issue and the Stock Exchange and a list of which is available at www.sebi.gov.in, or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Cut-off Price</td><td>The Issue Price finalized by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager which shall be any price within the Price Band. Only Individual Bidders Bidding in the Individual Portion are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs (including the Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Demographic Details</td><td>The demographic details of the Applicants such as their address, PAN, occupation and bank account details.</td></tr><tr><td>Depository Participant</td><td>A Depository Participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms from the ASBA Applicants and a list of which is available at www.sebi.gov.in, or at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr></tbody></table>

4