<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Two-third of the Non-Institutional Portion, available for allocation to Bidders with an application size more than Rs 10 lakhs</td><td>Up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of Rs.10/- each fully paid-up for cash at price of Rs. [•]/- per Equity Share aggregating to Rs. [•] Lakh</td></tr><tr><td>C. Individual Investor Portion<sup>(2)(3)(4)</sup>#</td><td>At least [•] Equity Shares of face value of Rs.10/- each fully paid-up for cash at price of Rs. [•]/- per Equity Share aggregating to Rs. [•] Lakh.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Pre-and Post-Issue Equity Shares:</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares Outstanding-Pre Offer</td><td>1,34,10,125 Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares Outstanding-Post Offer*</td><td>[•] Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each</td></tr><tr><td>Use of Issue Proceeds</td><td>For further details please refer to "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page Error! Bookmark not defined. of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus for information on use of Issue Proceed.</td></tr></tbody></table>

* To be updated upon finalization of the Offer Price.

\#The minimum application size shall be two lots, provided that the minimum application size shall be above Rs 2 Lakhs.

@Assuming Anchor allocation portion is fully subscribed.

(1) The Issue has been authorised by our Board pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on August 30, 2025 and by our Shareholders pursuant to a resolution passed at the AGM held on September 22, 2025, pursuant to Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. This Issue is made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time. as amended from time to time. This Issue is being made by our company in terms of Regulation of 229 (2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations read with Rule 19(2)(b)(i) of SCRR wherein not less than 25% of the post - Issue paid up equity share capital of our company are being offered to the public for subscription. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider issuing up to [•] Equity Shares as a Pre-IPO Placement by our Company for an aggregate amount not exceeding ₹ 500.00 lakhs. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, and the Pre-IPO Placement will be completed prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, the amount raised from the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, our Company shall report to the stock exchange within twenty-four hours of such Pre-IPO Placement transactions (in part or in entirety).

(2) Subject to valid bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders, as applicable, at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws. Undersubscription, if any, in the QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories.

(3) The SEBI ICDR Regulations permit the issue of securities to the public through the Book Building Process, which states that, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Individual Bidders and not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted on a proportionate basis to QIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Accordingly, we have allocated the Net Issue i.e. not more than 50% of the Net Issue to QIB and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors and not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to non-institutional Investor.

(4) In the event of oversubscription, allotment shall be made on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price. Allocation to investors in all categories, except the Individual Portion, shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid bids received at or above the Issue Price. The allocation to each Retail Investor shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, and subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Individual Portion, the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis.

(5) Our Company in consultation with the BRLM may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with SEBI Regulation. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. 5% of the QIB Portion (excluding Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion (excluding Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. In the event the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than as specified above, the balance Equity Shares available for