<table><tr><td></td><td>(ii) Defined Benefit Plans:<br/>The gratuity liability is determined and provided using the projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuation being carried out at each balance sheet date by an independent valuer. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which they occur.</td></tr><tr><td>Provisions</td><td>A provision is recognized when the company has a present obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions are determined based on management estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date and are not discounted to present value.</td></tr><tr><td>Contingent Liabilities</td><td>A disclosure for a contingent liability is made when there is:<br/>(i) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or<br/>(ii) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:<br/>a.) it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or<br/>b.) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.</td></tr><tr><td>Contingent Assets</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign currencies</td><td>(i) Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the reporting currency, by applying to the foreign currency amount the exchange rate between the reporting currency and the foreign currency at the date of the transaction.<br/>(ii) Foreign currency monetary items are reported using the closing rate as at the date of balance sheet. The exchange difference arising on the settlement of monetary items or on reporting these items at rate different from those at which they are initially recorded during the period or reported in the previous financial statements are recognized as income or expenses in the period in which they arise.</td></tr><tr><td>Cash and cash equivalent</td><td>Please refer to Accounting Policies for Cash Flow Statement.</td></tr><tr><td>Earnings per share</td><td>Basic Earnings per share (before dilution) is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax for the period attributable to equity shareholders of the company by the weighted average number of shares for the period.<br/><br/>Diluted Earnings per Share is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax for the period attributable to equity shareholders of the company by dividing the weighted average number of shares determined and assuming conversion of all potential securities.</td></tr><tr><td>Inventories</td><td>Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realised value. Cost includes cost of purchases, cost of conversion, and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The Company is having inventory in the shape of knitted Cloth, Textile Cloth & Readymade garments.</td></tr><tr><td>Segment Reporting</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Cash Flow Statement</td><td>The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method set out in AS-3 prescribed in Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021.</td></tr><tr><td>Events after reporting date</td><td>In the opinion of the management, there have been no material events, occurrences, or changes in circumstances between the balance sheet date and the date of approval of these Restated Financial Statements that would require adjustments to or disclosure in these financial statements, except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Business Combinations</td><td>NA</td></tr></table>

Key Components of Profit & Loss

231