maybe extended in consultation with the BRLM, RTA and NSE EMERGE taking into account the total number of applications received up to the closure of timings.

On the Bid/Offer Closing Date, the Bids shall be uploaded until:

Due to the limitation of time available for uploading the Application Forms on the Issue Closing Date, Applicants are advised to submit their applications one (1) day prior to the Issue Closing Date and, in any case, not later than 3.00 p.m. (IST) on the Issue Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST.

Applicants are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Application Forms are received on the Issue Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public issues, some Application Forms may not get uploaded due to the lack of sufficient time. Such Application Forms that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under this Issue. Applications will be accepted only on Working Days, i.e., Monday to Friday (excluding any public holidays). Neither our Company nor the BRLM is liable for any failure in uploading the Application Forms due to faults in any software/hardware system or otherwise.

In accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Applicants are not allowed to withdraw or lower the size of their Application (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Application amount) at any stage. Individual Applicants can revise or withdraw their Application Forms prior to the Issue Closing Date. Allocation to Individual Applicants, in this Issue will be on a proportionate basis.

In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Application Form, for a particular Applicant, the details as per the file received from Stock may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical or electronic Application Form, for a particular ASBA Applicant, the Registrar to the Issue shall ask the relevant SCSBs / RTAs / DPs / stock brokers, as the case may be, for the rectified data.

*In case of (i) any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) for cancelled/ withdrawn/ deleted ASBA Forms, the Applicant shall be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs. 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Application Amount, whichever is higher from the date on which the request for cancellation/withdrawal/ deletion is placed in the Stock Exchanges Applying platform until the date on which the amounts are unblocked (ii) any blocking of multiple amounts for the same ASBA Form (for amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism), the Applicant shall be compensated at a uniform rate Rs. 100 per day or 15% per annum of the total cumulative blocked amount except the original application amount, whichever is higher from the date on which such multiple amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iii) any blocking of amounts more than the Application Amount, the Applicant shall be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs. 100 per day or 15% per annum of the difference in amount, whichever is higher from the date on which such excess amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iv) any delay in unblocking of non-allotted/ partially allotted Application, exceeding four Working Days from the Issue Closing Date, the Applicant shall be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs. 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Application Amount, whichever is higher for the entire duration of delay exceeding four Working Days from the Issue Closing Date by the SCSB responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The post Issue BRLM shall be liable for compensating the Applicant at a uniform rate of Rs. 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Application Amount, whichever is higher from the date of receipt of the Investor grievance until the date on which the blocked amounts are unblocked. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 shall be deemed to be incorporated in the deemed agreement of the Company with the SCSBs to the extent applicable

Minimum Subscription

This Issue is not restricted to any minimum subscription level. This Issue is 100% underwritten. If our Company does not receive the 100% subscription of the offer through the offer Document including devolvement of Underwriters, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received in accordance with applicable law including the SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023. If there is a delay beyond Two days after our Company becomes liable to pay the amount, our Company and our Directors, who are officers in default, shall pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum. In terms of Regulation 272(2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations, in case the Company fails to obtain listing or trading permission from the stock exchanges where the specified securities are proposed to be listed, it shall refund through verifiable means the entire monies received within four days of receipt of intimation from stock exchange(s) rejecting the application for listing of specified securities, and if any such money is not repaid within four days after the issuer becomes liable to repay it, the issuer and every director of the company who is an officer in default shall, on and from the expiry of the fourth day, be jointly and severally liable to repay that money with interest at the rate of fifteen per cent per annum.