<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Refunds through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Refunds through electronic transfer of funds means refunds through ECS, Direct Credit or RTGS or NEFT or the ASBA process, as applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Brokers</td><td>The stockbrokers registered with the stock exchanges having nationwide terminals, other than the members of the Syndicate and eligible to procure Bids.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar/ Registrar to the Issue</td><td>Registrar to the Issue being Skyline Financial Services Private Limited. For more information please refer — General Information on page 54 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated 25 September 2025, among our Company, the Registrar to the Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue pertaining to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Regulations</td><td>Unless the context specifies something else, this means the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investors</td><td>Individual investors (including HUFs, in the name of Karta and Eligible NRIs) who apply for the Equity Shares of an application size of two lots.</td></tr><tr><td>Red Herring Prospectus / RHP</td><td>The Red Herring Prospectus dated [●], to be issued by our Company in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Issued and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.<br>The Red Herring Prospectus will be filed with the RoC at least three working days before the Bid / Issue Opening Date and will become the Prospectus upon filing with the RoC after the pricing date.</td></tr><tr><td>SCORES</td><td>SEBI Complaints Redress System, a centralized web-based complaints redressal system launched by SEBI</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s) / SCSB</td><td>Shall mean a Banker to an Issue registered under SEBI (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994, as amended from time to time, and which offer the service of making Application/s Supported by Blocked Amount including blocking of bank account and a list of which is available on http://www.sebi.gov.in/cms/sebi_data/attachdocs/1480483399603.html or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>EMERGE Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited</td><td>The EMERGE Platform of NSE i.e. NSE EMERGE for listing equity shares issued under Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor Bank</td><td>Sponsor Bank means a Banker to the Issue registered with SEBI which is appointed by the Issuer to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchange and NPCI to push the mandate to collect requests and / or payment instructions of the retail investors into the UPI. In this case [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Agreement</td><td>Agreement to be entered into among the Company, the Book Running Lead Manager, and the Syndicate Members in relation to collection of Bid cum Application Forms by the Syndicate.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Members</td><td>Intermediaries (other than Book Running Lead Manager) registered with SEBI who are permitted to accept bids, application and place orders with respect to the Issue and carry out activities as an underwriter namely, [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate or members of the Syndicate</td><td>Together, the Book Running Lead Manager, and the Syndicate Member.</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Registration Slip/ TRS</td><td>The slip or document issued by the member(s) of the Syndicate to the Applicant as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriter</td><td>Underwriter to this Issue is [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [●] entered between Underwriter and our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Unified Payments Interface / UPI</td><td>The instant payment system developed by the National Payments Corporation of India.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Bidders</td><td>Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Bidders in the Individual Portion and (ii) Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to Rs.5.00 lakhs in the Non-Institutional Portion, and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate</td></tr></tbody></table>

8