**67. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks.**

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by it while taking into account the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls to ensure the orderly and efficient conduct of our business, including adherence to our policies, the safeguarding of our assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. While we have taken measures to strengthen our internal control system and have conducted audits to review gaps and process weaknesses and implemented the suggested measures, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud.

**68. Changes in government regulations or their implementation could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations.**

Our business and industry is regulated by different laws, rules and regulations framed by the Central and State Government. These regulations can be amended/ changed on a short notice at the discretion of the Government. If we fail to comply with all applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business or their implementation change adversely, we may incur increased costs or be subject to penalties, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

**69. Any adverse change or downgrade in the Sovereign Ratings of India may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.**

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings by international rating freight brokers may adversely affect our ability to raise additional overseas financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares.

**70. Political instability or a change in economic liberalization and deregulation policies could seriously harm business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular.**

The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business and the market price and liquidity of our Equity Shares may be affected by interest rates, changes in Government policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting the information technology sector, foreign investment and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in such liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, generally, and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, in particular.

**71. Global economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do business, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price.**

Global economic and political factors that are beyond our control, influence forecasts and directly affect performance. These factors include interest rates, rates of economic growth, fiscal and monetary policies of governments, inflation, deflation, foreign exchange fluctuations, consumer credit availability, fluctuations in commodities markets, consumer debt levels, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence, spending and tourism. Increasing volatility in financial markets may cause these factors to change with a greater degree of frequency and magnitude, which may negatively affect our stock prices.

**72. Natural calamities like epidemics, pandemic, or fire, war, terrorist attacks, civil riots or other events could materially and adversely affect our business.**