# RESTRICTION ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991 of the Government of India and Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 ("FEMA"). While the Industrial Policy, 1991 prescribes the limits and the conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be made. Under the Industrial Policy, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The government bodies responsible for granting foreign investment approvals are the Reserve Bank of India ("RBI") and Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India ("DIPP").

The Government of India, from time to time, has made policy pronouncements on Foreign Direct Investment ("FDI") through press notes and press releases. The DIPP, has issued consolidated FDI Policy Circular of 2020 ("FDI Policy 2020"), effective from October 15, 2020, which consolidates and supersedes all previous press notes, press releases and clarifications on FDI Policy issued by the DIPP that were in force. The Government proposes to update the consolidated circular on FDI policy once every year and therefore, FDI Policy 2020 will be valid until the DIPP issues an updated circular. The RBI also issues Master Circular on Foreign Investment in India every year. Presently, FDI in India is being governed by Master Circular on Foreign Investment dated July 01, 2015 as updated from time to time by RBI and Master Direction -Foreign Investment In India (updated upto March 08, 2019). In terms of the Master Circular, an Indian company may issue fresh shares to people resident outside India (who is eligible to make investments in India, for which eligibility criteria are as prescribed). Such fresh issue of shares shall be subject to inter-alia, the pricing guidelines prescribed under the Master Circular and Master Direction.

The Indian company making such fresh issue of shares would be subject to the reporting requirements, inter-alia with respect to consideration for issue of shares and also subject to making certain filings including filing of Form FC-GPR.

In case of investment in sectors through Government Route, approval from competent authority as mentioned in Chapter 4 of the FDI Policy 2020 has to be obtained.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident to a non-resident does not require the prior approval of the RBI, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions as specified by DIPP / RBI, from time to time.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in this Issue and in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines etc. as amended by Reserve bank of India, from time to time. Investors are advised to confirm their eligibility under the relevant laws before investing and / or subsequent purchase or sale transaction in the Equity Shares of our Company. Investors will not offer, sell, pledge or transfer the Equity Shares of our Company to any person who is not eligible under applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines. Our Company, the Underwriters and their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives, as applicable, accept no responsibility or liability for advising any investor on whether such investor is eligible to acquire Equity Shares of our Company. Investment conditions/restrictions for overseas entities Under the current FDI Policy 2020 and amendments from time to time thereupon, the maximum amount of Investment (sectoral cap) by foreign investor in an issuing entity is composite unless it is explicitly provided otherwise including all types of foreign investments, direct and indirect, regardless of whether it has been made for FDI, FPI, NRI/OCI, LLPs, FVCI, Investment Vehicles and DRs under Schedule 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 of FEMA (Transfer or Issue of Security by Persons Resident outside India) Regulations, 2017 as amended from time to time. Any equity holding by a person resident outside India resulting from conversion of any debt instrument under any arrangement shall be reckoned as foreign investment under the composite cap.

Portfolio Investment upto aggregate foreign investment level of 49% or sectoral /statutory cap, whichever is lower, will not be subject to either Government approval or compliance of sectoral conditions, if such investment does not result in transfer of ownership and/or control of Indian entities from resident Indian citizens to non-resident entities. Other foreign investments will be subject to conditions of Government approval and compliance of sectoral conditions as per FDI Policy. The total foreign investment, direct and indirect, in the issuing entity will not exceed the sectoral /statutory cap.

## Investment by FPIs under Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS)

With regards to purchase/sale of capital instruments of an Indian company by an FPI under PIS the total holding by each FPI or an investor group as referred in SEBI (FPI) Regulations, 2014 shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all FPIs put together shall not exceed 24% of paid-up equity capital on fully diluted basis or paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants. The said limit of 10% and 24% will be called the individual and aggregate limit, respectively. However, this limit of 24 % may be increased up to sectoral cap/statutory ceiling, as