# SECTION I – GENERAL

## DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

Unless the context otherwise indicates, requires or implies, the following terms shall have the following meanings in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. References to statutes, rules, regulations, guidelines and policies will be deemed to include all amendments, modifications or re-enactments notified thereto.

The words and expressions used but not defined in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will have the same meaning as assigned to such terms under the Companies Act, the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ("SEBI Act"), the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SCRA, the Depositories Act and the rules and regulations made thereunder, as applicable. In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below), the definitions given below shall prevail.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms in "Main Provisions of the Articles of Association", "Statement of Special Tax Benefits", "Our Industry", "Key Industry Regulations and Policies", "Restated Financial Information", "Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments", will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in these respective sections.

### Conventional or General Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Our Company", "the Issuer", "the Company" "Madhur Knit Crafts Limited" and "MKCL"</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, refers to Madhur Knit Crafts Limited (Formerly known as Madhur Knit Crafts Private Limited), a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having its registered office at Village - Seera, Sattowal Road, Rahon Road, Eros Bajra Road, Ludhiana, Punjab, India, 141007.</td></tr><tr><td>"we", "us" and "our"</td><td>Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to our Company as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>"you", "your" or "yours"</td><td>Prospective bidders in this Issue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Issue Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>Abridged Prospectus to be issued under Regulation 255 of SEBI ICDR Regulations and appended to the Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by a Designated Intermediary to a Bidder as proof of registration of the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment/ Allot/ Allotted</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Fresh Issue to the successful Applicants.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been or are to be Allotted the Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee</td><td>The successful applicant to whom the Equity Shares are being / have been allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, who applied under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company with the Book Running Lead Manager during the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion, and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period or Anchor Investor Bidding Date</td><td>The date one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which the Book Running Lead Manager will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and allocation to the Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr></tbody></table>