**Table 1.1. Overview of the World Economic Outlook Reference Forecast**
(Percent change, unless noted otherwise)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2"></th><th rowspan="2">2024</th><th colspan="2">Projections</th></tr><tr><th>2025</th><th>2026</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>World Output</strong></td><td><strong>3.3</strong></td><td><strong>2.8</strong></td><td><strong>3.0</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Advanced Economies</strong></td><td><strong>1.8</strong></td><td><strong>1.4</strong></td><td><strong>1.5</strong></td></tr><tr><td>United States</td><td>2.8</td><td>1.8</td><td>1.7</td></tr><tr><td>Euro Area</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.8</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>Germany</td><td>-0.2</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>France</td><td>1.1</td><td>0.6</td><td>1.0</td></tr><tr><td>Italy</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.8</td></tr><tr><td>Spain</td><td>3.2</td><td>2.5</td><td>1.8</td></tr><tr><td>Japan</td><td>0.1</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.6</td></tr><tr><td>United Kingdom</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td>Canada</td><td>1.5</td><td>1.4</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td>Other Advanced Economies<sup>2</sup></td><td>2.2</td><td>1.8</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Emerging Market and Developing Economies</strong></td><td><strong>4.3</strong></td><td><strong>3.7</strong></td><td><strong>3.9</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Emerging and Developing Asia</td><td>5.3</td><td>4.5</td><td>4.6</td></tr><tr><td>China</td><td>5.0</td><td>4.0</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td>India<sup>3</sup></td><td>6.5</td><td>6.2</td><td>6.3</td></tr><tr><td>Emerging and Developing Europe</td><td>3.4</td><td>2.1</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Russia</td><td>4.1</td><td>1.5</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>Latin America and the Caribbean</td><td>2.4</td><td>2.0</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Brazil</td><td>3.4</td><td>2.0</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Mexico</td><td>1.5</td><td>-0.3</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td>Middle East and Central Asia</td><td>2.4</td><td>3.0</td><td>3.5</td></tr><tr><td>Saudi Arabia</td><td>1.3</td><td>3.0</td><td>3.7</td></tr><tr><td>Sub-Saharan Africa</td><td>4.0</td><td>3.8</td><td>4.2</td></tr><tr><td>Nigeria</td><td>3.4</td><td>3.0</td><td>2.7</td></tr><tr><td>South Africa</td><td>0.6</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.3</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Memorandum</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>World Growth Based on Market Exchange Rates</td><td>2.8</td><td>2.3</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>European Union</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.2</td><td>1.5</td></tr><tr><td>ASEAN-5<sup>4</sup></td><td>4.6</td><td>4.0</td><td>3.9</td></tr><tr><td>Middle East and North Africa</td><td>1.8</td><td>2.6</td><td>3.4</td></tr><tr><td>Emerging Market and Middle-Income Economies</td><td>4.3</td><td>3.7</td><td>3.8</td></tr><tr><td>Low-Income Developing Countries</td><td>4.0</td><td>4.2</td><td>5.2</td></tr><tr><td><strong>World Trade Volume (goods and services)</strong></td><td><strong>3.8</strong></td><td><strong>1.7</strong></td><td><strong>2.5</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Imports</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Advanced Economies</td><td>2.4</td><td>1.9</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Emerging Market and Developing Economies</td><td>5.8</td><td>2.0</td><td>3.4</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Exports</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Advanced Economies</td><td>2.1</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Emerging Market and Developing Economies</td><td>6.7</td><td>1.6</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Commodity Prices (US dollars)</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Oil<sup>5</sup></td><td>-1.8</td><td>-15.5</td><td>-6.8</td></tr><tr><td>Nonfuel (average based on world commodity import weights)</td><td>3.7</td><td>4.4</td><td>0.2</td></tr><tr><td><strong>World Consumer Prices<sup>6</sup></strong></td><td><strong>5.7</strong></td><td><strong>4.3</strong></td><td><strong>3.6</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Advanced Economies<sup>7</sup></td><td>2.6</td><td>2.5</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Emerging Market and Developing Economies<sup>6</sup></td><td>7.7</td><td>5.5</td><td>4.6</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: IMF staff estimates.

Domestic imbalances and policy gaps give rise to unbalanced growth while opening up potential fragilities. In some countries, such as China, growth in 2024 has been mainly supported by external demand. On the contrary, in the United States, private consumption—traditionally the major contributor to GDP growth—as a share of GDP has reached its highest point during the 2020s, and the fiscal deficit remains historically large.

Most countries are not fully back to their inflation targets yet, but output gaps are more dispersed. In quite a few cases, fiscal policy remains accommodative even as monetary policy maintains a restrictive stance. The US economy was operating above its potential in 2024, relying heavily on strong domestic demand. Private consumption grew at an annual rate of 2.8 percent in 2024, in excess of its 2.4 percent historical (2000–19) average. However, in 2025, signs of a potential reversal have emerged. Consumer spending declined by 0.6 percent in January and remained subdued in February after expanding by 0.6 percent in December 2024, with the decrease likely reflecting a normalization of private consumption toward more sustainable levels and the negative impact of recurring policy shifts on economic sentiment. This signals a deterioration of the cyclical position of the US economy. The euro area has been in a cyclical rebound, but domestic demand has been subdued and, with the exception of Germany, the contribution of consumption growth may have peaked in its largest economies. Weak consumer sentiment and elevated uncertainty have raised precautionary saving while weighing down consumption growth (October 2024 Regional Economic Outlook: Europe). Manufacturing activity has remained weak on the back of persistently higher energy prices, while services have been the main growth driver, contributing to divergence among European countries, particularly those relying more heavily on these sectors, notably Germany versus Spain. For China, prolonged weakness in the real estate sector and its ramifications, including those for local government finances, have been key. When the pandemic seized the Chinese economy, signs of a downturn in the credit-fueled property market were gathering. This homegrown vulnerability has depressed domestic demand, even as policymakers have searched for measures to tackle property market oversupply

and bolster confidence. Indeed, consumer confidence in China, after a decade of moving closely with that in the rest of the world, plunged in early 2022 and has not recovered. Rising trade tensions and new tariffs over the past years have also disproportionately affected the Chinese economy. The rebalancing of growth drivers from investment and net exports toward consumption has paused amid continuing deflationary pressures and high household saving. Construction and real estate activity remains subdued, whereas industry, trade, and transport have been robust.

The swift escalation of trade tensions has generated extremely high levels of policy ambiguity, making it more difficult than usual to establish a central global growth outlook. Therefore, this WEO presents a range of global growth projections. First is a “reference fore cast” based on measures announced as of April 4. This is what is presented in the tables of this report and the WEO database. Second, a pre–April 2 forecast (with a cutoff date of late March) incorporates all prior policy announcements and economic developments since the October 2024 WEO. Third, a post–April 9 model-based forecast is used to quantify the implications of the announced pause and associated additional exemptions, as well as the escalating tariff rates between China and the United States.

(Source: [IMF - World Economic Outlook April 2025](https://www.imf.org/externalosti/Pages/forecasts/forecasts_042021.htm))

## Indian Macro Introduction:

Strong economic growth in the first quarter of FY23 helped India overcome the UK to become the fifth-largest economy after it recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic shock. Nominal GDP for FY25 is estimated at US$ 3.8 trillion with growth rate of 9.9%, compared to US$ 3.5 trillion in FY24. Strong domestic demand for consumption and investment, along with Government's continued emphasis on capital expenditure are seen as among the key driver of the GDP in the second half of FY25. In FY25, India's exports stood at Rs. 37.31 lakh crore (US$ 433.56 billion), with Engineering Goods (26.88%), Petroleum Products (13.86%) and electronic goods (8.89%) being the top three exported commodity. Rising employment and increasing private consumption, supported by rising consumer sentiment, will support GDP growth in the coming months.