**64. The Issue price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue and the market price of our Equity Shares may decline below the issue price and you may not be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price.**

The Issue Price of our Equity Shares has been determined by Book Built method. This price is being based on numerous factors (For further information, please see the section “Basis for Issue Price” of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus) and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of our Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. Among the factors that could affect our share price include without limitation. The following:

* Half yearly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as earnings per share, net income and revenues;
* Changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts;
* Speculation in the press or investment community;
* General market conditions; and
* Domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance.

**65. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position.**

Under the Companies Act, a company constituted through share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction in which the investors are located do not permit them to exercise their preemptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced.

**External Risk Factors**

**66. If there is any change in laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements or affect our conduct of operation.**

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability.

The Finance Act, 2020 (“Finance Act”), has, amongst other things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime. For instance, dividend distribution tax (“DDT”) will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source.

Further, the Government of India has introduced the Finance Bill, 2023, in the Union Budget for Fiscal 2024. The Finance Bill, 2023 proposes various amendments to taxation laws in India. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Bill, 2023 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.