confirmation which shall be submitted along with each of their Bid cum Application Forms. In the absence of such confirmation from the relevant FPIs, such MIM Bids shall be rejected.

## Bids by SEBI-Registered AIFS, VCFS AND FVCIS

The SEBI FVCI Regulations, SEBI VCF Regulations and the SEBI AIF Regulations prescribe, inter alia, the investment restrictions on the FVCIs, VCFs and AIFs registered with SEBI respectively. FVCIs can invest only up to 33.33% of the investible funds by way of subscription to an initial public offering. Category I AIF and Category II AIF cannot invest more than 25% of the investible funds in one investee company directly or through investment in the units of other AIFs. A Category III AIF cannot invest more than 10% of the investible funds in one investee company directly or through investment in the units of other AIFs. AIFs which are authorized under the fund documents to invest in units of AIFs are prohibited from offering their units for subscription to other AIFs. A VCF registered as a Category I AIF, as defined in the SEBI AIF Regulations, cannot invest more than 1/3rd of its investible funds by way of subscription to an initial public offering of a venture capital undertaking. Additionally, a VCF that has not re-registered as an AIF under the SEBI AIF Regulations shall continue to be regulated by the SEBI VCF Regulations (and accordingly shall not be allowed to participate in the Issue) until the existing fund or scheme managed by the fund is wound up and such funds shall not launch any new scheme after the notification of the SEBI AIF Regulations.

There is no reservation for Eligible NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs and all Bidders will be treated on the same basis with other categories for the purpose of allocation.

Further, the shareholding of VCFs, category I AIFs or category II AIFs and FVCIs holding Equity Shares prior to Issue, shall be locked-in for a period of at least one year from the date of purchase of such Equity Shares.

All non-resident investors should note that refunds, dividends and other distributions, if any, will be payable in Indian Rupees only and net of bank charges and commission.

The Company or the BRLM will not be responsible for loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder on account of conversion of foreign currency.

## Bids by Limited Liability Partnerships

In case of Bids made by limited liability partnerships registered under the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008, a certified copy of certificate of registration issued under the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008, must be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof.

## Bids by Banking Companies

In case of Bids made by banking companies registered with RBI, certified copies of: (i) the certificate of registration issued by RBI, and (ii) the approval of such banking company's investment committee are required to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, reserves the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof. The investment limit for banking companies in non-financial services companies as per the Banking Regulation Act, the Reserve Bank of India (Financial Services provided by Banks) Directions, 2016, as amended and Master Circular on Basel III Capital Regulations dated July 1, 2014, as amended, is 10.00% of the paid up share capital of the investee company, not being its subsidiary engaged in non-financial services, or 10.00% of the bank's own paid-up share capital and reserves, whichever is lower.

However, a banking company would be permitted to invest in excess of 10% but not exceeding 30% of the paid up share capital of such investee company, subject to prior approval of the RBI if (i) the investee company is engaged in non-financial activities permitted for banking companies in terms of Section 6(1) of the Banking Regulation Act; or (ii) the additional acquisition is through restructuring of debt, or to protect the banking company's interest on loans/investments made to a company. The bank is required to submit a time bound action plan to the RBI for the disposal of such shares within a specified period. The aggregate investment by a banking company along with its Subsidiary, associates or joint ventures or entities directly or indirectly controlled by the bank; and mutual funds managed by asset management companies controlled by the bank, more than 20% of the investee company's paid up share capital engaged in non-financial services. However, this cap doesn't apply to the cases mentioned in (i) and (ii) above. The aggregate equity investments made by a banking company in all Subsidiary and other entities engaged in financial services and non-financial services, including overseas investments shall not exceed 20% of the bank's paid-up share capital and reserves.

In terms of the Master Circular on Basel III Capital Regulations dated July 1, 2014, as amended (i) a bank's investment in the capital instruments issued by banking, financial and insurance entities should not exceed 10% of its capital funds; (ii) banks should not