# SECTION IX - MAIN PROVISIONS OF OUR ARTICLE OF ASSOCIATION

## Interpretation

In these regulations the Act means the Companies Act 2013 the seal means the common seal of the company. Unless the context otherwise requires words or expressions contained in these regulations shall bear the same meaning as in the Act or any statutory modification thereof in force at the date at which these regulations become binding on the company.

## Share Capital and Variation of rights

1. Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles the shares in the capital of the company shall be under the control of the Directors who may issue allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any of them to such persons in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at a premium or at par and at such time as they may from time to time think fit.

2. Every person whose name is entered as a member in the register of members shall be entitled to receive within two months after incorporation in case of subscribers to the memorandum or after allotment or within one month after the application for the registration of transfer or transmission or within such other period as the conditions of issue shall be provided one certificate for all his shares without payment of any charges or several certificates each for one or more of his shares upon payment of twenty rupees for each certificate after the first. Every certificate shall be under the seal and shall specify the shares to which it relates and the amount paid - up thereon. In respect of any share or shares held jointly by several persons the company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate and delivery of a certificate for a share to one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all such holders.

3. If any share certificate be worn out defaced mutilated or torn or if there be no further space on the back for endorsement of transfer then upon production and surrender thereof to the company a new certificate may be issued in lieu thereof and if any certificate is lost or destroyed then upon proof thereof to the satisfaction of the company and on execution of such indemnity as the company deem adequate a new certificate in lieu thereof shall be given. Every certificate under this Article shall be issued on payment of twenty rupees for each certificate. The provisions of Articles (2) and (3) shall mutatis mutandis apply to debentures of the company.

4. Except as required by law no person shall be recognised by the company as holding any share upon any trust and the company shall not be bound by or be compelled in any way to recognise (even when having notice thereof) any equitable contingent future or partial interest in any share or any interest in any fractional part of a share or (except only as by these regulations or by law otherwise provided) any other rights in respect of any share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder.

5. The company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by sub-section (6) of section 40 provided that the rate percent or the amount of the commission paid or agreed to be paid shall be disclosed in the manner required by that section and rules made thereunder. The rate or amount of the commission shall not exceed the rate or amount prescribed in rules made under sub-section (6) of section 40. The commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in the one way and partly in the other.

6. If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may subject to the provisions of section 48 and whether or not the company is being wound up be varied with the consent in writing of the holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. To every such separate meeting the provisions of these regulations relating to general meetings shall mutatis mutandis apply but so that the necessary quorum shall be at least two persons holding at least one-third of the issued shares of the class in question.

7. The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu therewith.

8. Subject to the provisions of section 55 any preference shares may with the sanction of an ordinary resolution be issued on the terms that they are to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner as the company before the issue of the shares may by special resolution determine.

314