<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Issue/ Issue Size/ Initial Public Issue/Initial Public Issue/Initial Public Offering/ IPO</td><td>Public Issue of 56,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10 /- each fully paid of our Company for cash at a price of Rs. [●] per Equity Share (including a premium of Rs. [●] per Equity Share) aggregating Rs. [●] Lakhs comprising of a fresh issue of 56,00,000 equity shares aggregating up to Rs. [●] lakhs by our Company.<br/>Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement specified securities through a private placement, preferential allotment, rights issue or any other method, as may be permitted under the applicable law, for an amount aggregating up to ₹ 500.00 lakhs at its discretion prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the Fresh Issue size will be reduced to the extent of such Pre-IPO Placement, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, our Company shall report to the stock exchange within twenty-four hours of such Pre-IPO Placement transactions (in part or in entirety).</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated, September 30, 2025 between our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed to in relation to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Closing Date</td><td>The date on which Issue closes for subscription is [●]</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Opening Date</td><td>The date on which Issue opens for subscription is [●]</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Period</td><td>The period between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date inclusive of both the days during which prospective investors may submit their application.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Price</td><td>The price at which the Equity Shares are being issued by our Company under this Draft Red Herring Prospectus being Rs. [●] per Equity Share of face value of Rs. 10 /- each fully paid. The Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, in accordance with the Book Building Process on the Pricing Date and in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds to be raised by our Company through this Issue, for further details please refer chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" page 82 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Listing Agreement</td><td>The equity listing agreement to be signed between our Company and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited, being the Designated Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker</td><td>Market Makers appointed by our Company from time to time, in this case being [●] having SEBI registration number [●] who have agreed to receive or deliver the specified securities in the market making process for a period of three years from the date of listing of our Equity Shares or for any other period as may be notified by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Market Making Agreement</td><td>The Agreement entered between the Book Running Lead Manager, Market Maker and our Company dated [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker Reservation</td><td>The Reserved Portion of [●] Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10 /- each fully paid for cash at a price of Rs. [●] per Equity Share aggregating Rs. [●] for the Market Maker in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Mobile App(s)</td><td>The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=4 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which was used by UPI Bidders to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund(s)</td><td>A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>Up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion or Up to [●] Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Issue/ Issue</td><td>The Issue (excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion) of [●] Equity Shares of Rs. 10 /- each of Issuer at Rs. [●] (including share premium of Rs. [●]) per equity share aggregating to Rs. [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>The Issue Proceeds, less the Issue related expenses, received by the Company. For information about use of the Issue Proceeds and the Issue expenses, please refer to the chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 82 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allotted to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr></tbody></table>

6