* According to data released by the Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation (MoSPI), India's Consumer Price Index (CPI) – Combined inflation was 3.34% in March 2025 against 4.85% in March 2024.
* Foreign Institutional Investors (FII) inflows in FY25 were close to Rs. 1.27 lakh crore (US$ 14.89 billion), while Domestic Institutional Investors (DII) bought Rs. 6.00 lakh crore (US$ 70.34 billion) in the same period.
* India's wheat procurement rose 34% YoY, reaching 22.36 MT as of April 28, 2025, with target of 31 MT in sight. Strong MSP, bonuses, and robust crop output boost sales to government agencies, ensuring food security and potential for open market intervention.

## Government Initiatives:

Over the years, the Indian government has introduced many initiatives to strengthen the nation's economy. The Indian government has been effective in developing policies and programmes that are not only beneficial for citizens to improve their financial stability but also for the overall growth of the economy. Over recent decades, India's rapid economic growth has led to a substantial increase in its demand for exports. Besides this, a number of the government's flagship programmes, including Make in India, Start-up India, Digital India, the Smart City Mission, and the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation, is aimed at creating immense opportunities in India. In this regard, some of the initiatives taken by the government to improve the economic condition of the country are mentioned below:

* According to a report by Wood Mackenzie in January 2025, India, the United States, and West Asia are expected to collectively add 100 Gigawatts (GW) of solar capacity by 2025, while China is anticipated to continue its leadership in the solar industry.
* In July 2024, the Ministry of Finance held the Union Budget and announced that for 2024-25, the total receipts other than borrowings and the total expenditure are estimated at Rs. 32.07 lakh crore (US$ 383.93 billion) and Rs. 48.21 lakh crore (US$ 577.16 billion), respectively.
* In February 2024, the Finance Ministry announced the total expenditure in Interim 2024-25 estimated at Rs. 47,65,768 crore (US$ 571.64 billion) of which total capital expenditure is Rs. 11,11,111 crore (US$ 133.27 billion).
* On January 22, 2024, Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi announced the 'Pradhan Mantri Suryodaya Yojana'. Under this scheme, 1 crore households will receive rooftop solar installations.
* On September 17, 2023, Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi launched the Central Sector Scheme PM-VISHWAKARMA in New Delhi. The new scheme aims to provide recognition and comprehensive support to traditional artisans & craftsmen who work with their hands and basic tools. This initiative is designed to enhance the quality, scale, and reach of their products, as well as to integrate them with MSME value chains.
* On August 6, 2023, Amrit Bharat Station Scheme was launched to transform and revitalize 1309 railway stations across the nation. This scheme envisages development of stations on a continuous basis with a long-term vision.
* On June 28, 2023, the Ministry of Environment, Forests, and Climate Change introduced the 'Draft Carbon Credit Trading Scheme, 2023'.
* From April 1, 2023, Foreign Trade Policy 2023 was unveiled to create an enabling ecosystem to support the philosophy of 'Aatmanirbhar Bharat' and 'Local goes Global'.
* To enhance India's manufacturing capabilities by increasing investment and production in the sector, the government of India has introduced the Production Linked Incentive Scheme (PLI) for Pharmaceuticals.
* Prime Minister's Development Initiative for North-East Region (PM-DevINE) was announced in the Union Budget 2022-23 with a financial outlay of Rs. 1,500 crore (US$ 182.35 million).
* Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi has inaugurated a new food security scheme for providing free food grains to Antyodaya Ann Yojna (AAY) & Primary Household (PHH) beneficiaries, called Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Ann Yojana (PMGKAY) from January 1, 2023.

## Road Ahead:

India's economy grew by 6.2% in Q3 FY25. Signs of recovery are now visible, with growth expected to rise to 7.6% in Q4 FY25— indicating a possible turnaround in the coming months. India's comparatively strong position in the external sector reflects the country's positive outlook for economic growth and rising employment rates. India ranked 5th in foreign direct investment inflows among the developed and developing nations listed for the first quarter of 2022.

India's economic story during the first half of FY24 highlighted the unwavering support the government gave to its capital expenditure, which, in FY24, stood 37.4% higher than the same period last year. In the Union Budget of FY26, capital expenditure took lead by steeply increasing the capital expenditure outlay by 10.0% to Rs. 11.21 lakh crore (US$ 131.42 billion) over Rs. 10.18 lakh crore (US$ 119.34 billion) in FY25. Stronger revenue generation because of improved tax compliance, increased profitability of the company, and increasing economic activity also contributed to rising capital spending levels.