Natural disasters (earthquakes, floods, etc.), epidemics, pandemics, war, terrorist attacks and other events, which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations could also be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property. We cannot assure you that there will not be any such accidents in the future thereby causing an adverse effect. We cannot assure you that there will not be any such accidents in the future thereby causing an adverse effect on our business and operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares.

**73. The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business.**

The goods and service tax ("GST") that has been implemented with effect from July 1, 2017 combines taxes and levies by the GoI and state governments into a unified rate structure, and replaces indirect taxes on goods and services such as central excise duty, service tax, customs duty, central sales tax, state VAT, cess and surcharge and excise that were being collected by the GoI and state governments. As regards the General Anti-Avoidance Rules ("GAAR"), the general anti avoidance rules ("GAAR") provisions have been made effective from assessment year 2018-19 onwards, i.e.; financial Year 2017-18. The GAAR provisions intend to declare an arrangement as an "impermissible avoidance arrangement", if the main purpose or one of the main purposes of such arrangement is to obtain a tax benefit, and satisfies at least one of the following tests (i) creates rights, or obligations, which are not ordinarily created between persons dealing at arm's length; (ii) results, directly or indirectly, in misuse, or abuse, of the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961; (iii) lacks commercial substance or is deemed to lack commercial substance, in whole or in part; or (iv) is entered into, or carried out, by means, or in a manner, that is not ordinarily engaged for bona fide purposes. If GAAR provisions are invoked, the tax authorities will have wider powers, including denial of tax benefit or a benefit under a tax treaty. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. As the taxation regime in India is undergoing a significant overhaul, its consequent effects on economy cannot be determined at present and there can be no assurance that such effects would not adversely affect our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares.

**74. Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline.**

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging Asian market countries. Financial turmoil in Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. In recent times, the Indian financial markets had been negatively affected by the volatility in global financial market, including on account of certain European nations' debt troubles and move to break away by the United Kingdom from the European Union. Although, economic conditions are different in each country, investors' reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. Currencies of a few Asian countries have in the past suffered depreciation against the U.S. Dollar owing to, amongst other, the announcements by the U.S. government that it may consider reducing its quantitative easing measures. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur and could harm our business, future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares.

**75. A significant change in the Government of India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares.**

The Government of India has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. Unfavourable government policies including those relating to the internet and e-commerce, consumer protection and data privacy, could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, and could also affect our ability to implement our strategy and our future financial performance. Since 1991, successive governments, including coalition governments, have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. However, the members of the Government of India and the composition of the coalition in power are subject to change. As a result, it is difficult to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by the Government of India. For example, there may be an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and ecommerce, which may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet or mobile networks, user privacy, content restrictions and the quality of services and products sold or provided through the internet. The rate of economic liberalization could change and specific laws and policies affecting the financial services industry, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well.

Any significant change in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular.