shareholders. For details on the interest of our Promoter and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see the sections titled “*Related Party Transactions*” on page 182 of this Red Herring Prospectus.

**29. Our Directors have extended personal guarantees in connection with some of our debt facilities. There can be no assurance that such personal guarantees will be continued to be provided by our Promoter in future or can be called at any time, affecting the financial arrangements.**

Our Directors have provided personal guarantees for our borrowings to secure our loans. If any of these guarantees are revoked, our lenders may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation of such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoter in connection with our Company’s borrowings. For further details please refer to the chapter “*Statement of Financial Indebtedness*” on page 222 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**30. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter may be lower than the issue price.**

Our Promoter’ average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company may be lower than the Issue Price of the shares proposed to be offered through this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details regarding average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter in our Company, please refer to “*Capital Structure*” on page 65 of this Red Herring Prospectus.

**31. Our Company has availed unsecured loan from parties other than bankers & financial institutions which is repayable on demand. Any demand from the lender for repayment of such unsecured loan may affect our cash flow and financial condition.**

Our Company has availed certain unsecured loan and are repayable on demand. Though our Company intends to repay the loan amount in near future, sudden recall may disrupt our operations and also may force us to opt for funding at higher interest rates, resulting in higher financial burden. Further, we will not be able to raise funds at short notice and thus result in shortage of working capital fund. For further details, please refer to the “*Restated Financial Information*” and “*Statement of Financial Indebtedness*” beginning on page no. 182 and 222 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Any demand for the repayment of such unsecured loan, may adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**32. We are highly dependent on our Promoters and our management team, and key managerial personnel and the loss of any key team member may adversely affect our business performance.**

Our Promoters, management team, and key managerial personnel have been instrumental in the growth and development of our Company. For further details please refer to the chapter “*Our Management*” on page 160 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus”. We benefit from our Promoters, and any decline in our relationship with him could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects.

Further, our businesses are dependent upon an experienced senior management team and we believe that the experience and skill of our management team and our investors allows us to possess a significant advantage over our global competitors. If one or more members of our management team, senior management personnel and key managerial personnel were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons would be difficult to replace and our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects could be adversely affected.

To maintain and grow our business, we will need to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees. Identifying, recruiting, training, integrating, and retaining qualified individuals requires significant time, expense, and attention. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are not able to retain and motivate our current personnel or effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate and retain new hires, our