<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Anchor Investor Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price. The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Pay-in Date</td><td>With respect to Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, not later than two Working Days after the Bid/Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Applicant</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes an application for Equity Shares of our Company in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Amount</td><td>The amount at which the Applicant makes an application for Equity Shares of our Company in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Form</td><td>The Form in terms of which the prospective investors shall apply for our Equity Shares in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA/ Application Supported by Blocked Amount.</td><td>Applications Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) means an application for Subscribing to the Issue containing an authorization to block the application money in a bank account maintained with SCSB.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Account</td><td>A bank account maintained by an ASBA Bidder with an SCSB and specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder in which funds will be blocked by such SCSB to the extent of the amount specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder and includes a bank account maintained by a UPI Bidder linked to a UPI ID, which will be blocked by the SCSB upon acceptance of the UPI Mandate Request in relation to a Bid by a UPI Bidder Bidding through the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Application Location(s)/ Specified Cities</td><td>Locations at which ASBA Applications can be uploaded by the SCSBs, namely Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Pune, Baroda and Surat.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bid</td><td>A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bidder(s)</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a bid pursuant to the terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form including through UPI mode (as applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Form</td><td>A bid cum application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA bidders, which will be considered as the bid for Allotment in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Investor/ ASBA applicant</td><td>Any prospective investor(s)/applicants(s) in this Issue who apply(ies) through the ASBA process.</td></tr><tr><td>Banker(s) to the Issue/ Public Issue Bank(s).</td><td>Collectively, the Escrow Collection Bank, Refund Bank, Public Issue Account Bank and Sponsor Bank(s)</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment</td><td>The basis on which Equity Shares will be Allotted to the successful Applicants under the Issue and which is described under chapter titled "Issue Procedure" beginning on page 281 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid</td><td>An indication to make an offer during the Bid/Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bidding Date by an Anchor Investor pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the relevant Bid cum Application Form. The term "Bidding" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Lot</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/Issue Closing Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being [●], which shall be published in all editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), [●] and all editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper), and local edition of [●] (Punjabi being the</td></tr></tbody></table>

3