# PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL, INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA

## Financial Data

Unless stated otherwise, the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are extracted from the restated financial statements of our Company, prepared in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Indian GAAP and restated in accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, as stated in the report of our Peer Reviewed Auditors, set out in the section titled "Restated Financial Information", as Restated 'beginning on page 182' this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our restated financial statements are derived from our audited financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP and the Companies Act and have been restated in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

Our fiscal year commences on 1st April of each year and ends on 31st March of the next year. All references to a particular fiscal year are to the 12 months' period ended 31st March of that year. In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding-off. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal points. There are significant differences between Indian GAAP, IFRS and US GAAP. The Company has not attempted to quantify their impact on the financial data included herein and urges you to consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on the Company's financial data. Accordingly, to what extent, the financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices / Indian GAAP. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. Any percentage amounts, as set forth in "Risk Factors", "Our Business", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus unless otherwise indicated, have been calculated on the basis of the Company's restated financial statements prepared in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Indian GAAP and restated in accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, as stated in the report of our Peer Reviewed Auditors, set out in the section titled "Restated Financial Information", as Restated beginning on page 182 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

## Currency and units of presentation

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, references to Rupees or Rs. or ₹ or INR. are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India. All references to $, US$, USD, U.S. $ or U.S. Dollars are to United States Dollars, the official currency of the United States of America. All references to million / Million / Mn refer to one million, which is equivalent to ten lacs or ten lakhs, the word Lacs / Lakhs / Lac means one hundred thousand and Crore means ten million and billion / bn./ Billions means one hundred crores.

## Industry and Market Data

Unless stated otherwise, industry data used throughout the Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from industry and government publications, publicly available information and sources.

Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources which are believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness, relevance of such information shall be subject to the disclaimers, context and underlying assumptions of such sources. Although the industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is reliable, the data used in these sources may have been re-classified by us for the purposes of presentation. Data from these sources may also not be comparable.

Industry sources and publications may base their information on estimates and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends upon the reader's familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in "Risk Factors" on page 25.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, "Basis for Issue Price" beginning on page 98 includes information relating to our peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified herein.