<table><tr><td></td><td>Computers</td><td>3 years</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Office equipment</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Vehicles</td><td>8 years</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Intangible Assets</td><td>4 years</td></tr><tr><td>Goodwill & Intangible assets</td><td colspan="2">Intangible Assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Intangible assets are amortized over their respective individual estimated useful lives on straight line method from the date they are available for use.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Research & Development</td><td>Not applicable</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Goodwill</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Trademark</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Financial Instruments</td><td colspan="2">NA</td></tr><tr><td>Fair Value Measurement</td><td colspan="2">NA</td></tr><tr><td>Leases</td><td colspan="2">Assets acquired on leases wherein a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Lease rentals paid for such leases are recognized as an expense on systematic basis over the term of lease.</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax</td><td colspan="2">The accounting treatment followed for taxes on income is to provide for current tax and deferred tax. Current tax is the aggregate amount of income tax determined to be payable in respect of taxable income for a period in accordance with the provisions of the Income tax Act,1961. Deferred tax is the tax effect of timing difference between taxable income and accounting income that originate in one period and are capable of reversal in one or more subsequent periods. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted as at its reporting dates. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set off as it relates to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority.</td></tr><tr><td>Impairment</td><td colspan="2">At each balance sheet date an assessment is made whether any indication exists that an asset/cash generating unit has been impaired. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss i.e. the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount is provided in the books of account.</td></tr><tr><td>Borrowing costs</td><td colspan="2">Borrowing costs in relation to borrowings that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset is capitalized as part of the cost of assets. Other borrowing costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.</td></tr><tr><td>Employee Benefits</td><td colspan="2">(a) Short Term Employee Benefits<br>Short term employee benefits are recognized as an expense on an undiscounted basis in the statement of profit and loss of the period in which the related service is rendered.<br>(b) Post Employment Benefits<br>(i) Defined Contribution Plans<br>The Employer's contribution to Provident Fund and Employees Pension Scheme, a defined contribution plan is made in accordance with the Provident Fund Act, 1952 read with the Employees Pension Scheme, 1995. The contribution to the Scheme is recognised as an expense in the statement of profit and loss in which contribution to such schemes becomes due and when services are rendered by the employees.</td></tr></table>

230