<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Designated CDP Locations</td><td>Such locations of the CDPs where Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms. The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the website of the Stock Exchange at www.nseindia.com.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Date</td><td>The date on which funds are transferred from the amount blocked by the SCSBs is transferred from the ASBA Account to the Public Issue Account, as appropriate, after the Issue is closed, following which the Equity Shares shall be allotted/ transferred to the successful Applicants.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Intermediary(ies)</td><td>Collectively, the members of the Syndicate, sub-syndicate or agents, SCSBs (other than in relation to IBs using the UPI Mechanism), Registered Brokers, CDPs and RTAs, who are authorised to collect Bid cum Application Forms from the relevant Bidders, in relation to the Issue.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by IBs Bidding in the Individual Portion by authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account, Designated Intermediaries shall mean SCSBs. In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by UPI Bidders where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI Bidder using the UPI Mechanism, Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/agents, Registered Brokers, CDPs, SCSBs and RTAs.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders (not using the UPI Mechanism), Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/ agents, SCSBs, Registered Brokers, the CDPs and RTAs.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated RTA Locations</td><td>Such locations of the RTAs where ASBA Bidders can submit the Bid cum Application Forms to RTAs. The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Application Forms are available on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>Designated SCSB Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes Intermediaries or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>EMERGE Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited or NSE EMERGE.</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus filed with NSE EMERGE for obtaining in-principle approval.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible FPI(s)</td><td>FPI(s) that are eligible to participate in the Issue in terms of applicable law and from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an issue/ invitation under the issue and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity Shares</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRIs</td><td>NRIs from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to the Equity Shares offered herein.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account</td><td>Account to be opened with the Escrow Collection Bank and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through NACH/direct credit/NEFT/RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank(s)</td><td>Bank(s), which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as a banker to an issue under the SEBI BTI Regulations and with whom the Escrow Account will be opened.</td></tr><tr><td>First/ Sole Applicant</td><td>The applicant whose name appears first in the Application Form or Revision Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, not being less than the face value of Equity Shares, at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be Finalized and below which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document / GID</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 and the UPI Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the BRLM.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>Gross proceeds of the issue that will be available to our Company.</td></tr></tbody></table>