<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Financial Year</th><th rowspan="2">Total No. of IPOs</th><th rowspan="2">Total Funds Raised (Rs. in Lakhs.)</th><th colspan="3">Nos. of IPO trading at discount as on 30th calendar day from listing date</th><th colspan="3">Nos. of IPO trading at premium as on 30th calendar day from listing date</th><th colspan="3">Nos. of IPO trading at discount as on 180th calendar day from listing date</th><th colspan="3">Nos. of IPO trading at premium as on 180th calendar day from listing date</th></tr><tr><th>Ove r 50 %</th><th>Betwee n 25-50%</th><th>Les s tha n 25 %</th><th>Ove r 50 %</th><th>Betwee n 25-50%</th><th>Les s tha n 25 %</th><th>Ove r 50 %</th><th>Betwee n 25-50%</th><th>Les s tha n 25 %</th><th>Ove r 50 %</th><th>Betwee n 25-50%</th><th>Les s tha n 25 %</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>FY24-25</td><td>4</td><td>8234.58</td><td>1</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1</td><td>-</td><td>3</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>FY23-24</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>FY22-23</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Track record of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Managers

For details regarding the price information and the track record of the past Issues handled by the Lead Manager to the Issue as specified in Circular reference no. CIR/CFD/DIL/7/2015 dated October 30, 2015, issued by the SEBI, please refer to the website of the Book Running Lead Manager at www.skicapital.net.

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Name of Book Running Lead Manager</td><td>Website</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>SKI Capital Services Limited</td><td>www.skicapital.net</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Stock market data of equity shares

Our Company is an Unlisted Issuer in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, and this Issue is an Initial Public Offering in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. Thus, there is no stock market data available for the Equity Shares of our Company.

## Mechanism for redressal of investor grievances

The Registrar Agreement provides for the retention of records with the Registrar to the Issue for a period of at least eight years from the date of listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, subject to agreement with our Company for storage of such records for longer period, to enable the investors to approach the Registrar to the Issue for redressal of their grievances.

In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22 dated February 15, 2018, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2021 and SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 subject to applicable law, any ASBA Bidder whose Bid has not been considered for Allotment, due to failure on the part of any SCSB, shall have the option to seek redressal of the same by the concerned SCSB within three months of the date of listing of the Equity Shares. SCSBs are required to resolve these complaints within 15 days, failing which the concerned SCSB would have to pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum for any delay beyond this period of 15 days. Further, the investors shall be compensated by the SCSBs at the rate higher of Rs.100 per day or 15% per annum of the application amount in the events of delayed or withdrawal of applications, blocking of multiple amounts for the same UPI application, blocking of more amount than the application amount, delayed unblocking of amounts for non-allotted/partially allotted applications for the stipulated period. In an event there is a delay in redressal of the investor grievance in relation to unblocking of amounts, the Book Running Lead Managers shall compensate the investors at the rate higher of Rs.100 per day or 15% per annum of the application amount.

All grievances relating to the Issue may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, giving full details such as name, address of the applicant, Bid application number, number of Equity Shares Bid for, amount paid on Bid application and the bank branch or collection center where the application was submitted.

All grievances relating to the ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue with a copy to the relevant SCSB or the member of the Syndicate (in Specified Cities) or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, where the Application Form was submitted