**25. Our inability to identify, understand or cater to evolving industry trends, changing customer tastes and preferences may adversely affect our business**

The fashion-oriented nature of the textile industry exposes us to risks and uncertainties associated with rapidly changing consumer preferences, technological advancements, and evolving market trends. Our ability to anticipate such changes and introduce new and enhanced products in a timely manner is critical to remaining competitive. Any delay in product development, lack of market acceptance, or obsolescence of certain products could adversely impact our growth and profitability. In addition, frequent changes in customer demand may require our manufacturing facilities to be flexible and responsive, and failure to accurately forecast or meet such demand could affect our business and financial performance.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**26. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively or if our estimates or assumptions used in developing our strategic plan are inaccurate or we are unable to execute our strategic plan effectively, our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.**

Our revenue and business operations have grown in recent years, and while we plan to continue expanding our scale of operations, there can be no assurance that we will be able to sustain such growth rates in the future. Our ability to grow depends on several factors, including our execution capabilities, our ability to retain existing suppliers and enter into new supplier agreements, maintain customer satisfaction, mobilize adequate working capital, manage operating costs, and respond to competition in both organized and unorganized segments. Additionally, macroeconomic factors beyond our control, such as a slowdown in global economic conditions, may adversely affect our growth.

Our development and expansion strategies require substantial managerial efforts and skills, along with the incurrence of additional expenditures, which may expose us to new or increased risks. We may not be able to efficiently implement our growth strategies or manage the expansion of our operations, and any failure in this regard could limit future growth and adversely affect our business. Further, our plan to improve our debt-to-equity ratio may not materialize as intended, and we may be required to incur additional debt to meet immediate capital requirements, potentially resulting in unfavorable financial ratios. The funds required for our growth and their deployment are based on management estimates and assumptions considering the current market scenario and are subject to revision due to changes in external circumstances or costs. If we are unable to execute our strategic plans successfully, or if the assumptions underlying these plans prove materially inaccurate, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**27. Our success depends largely upon the services of our Directors, Promoter and other Key Managerial Personnel and our ability to attract and retain them.**

Our success is substantially dependent on the expertise and services of our Directors, Promoter and our Key Managerial Personnel. They provide expertise, which enables us to make well informed decisions in relation to our business and our future prospects. For further details of our Directors and key managerial personnel, please refer to the chapter “**Our Management**” on page 160 of this Red Herring Prospectus. The loss of such key members of our management team and the failure of any succession plans to replace such key members could seriously impair the ability to continue to manage and expand the business efficiently.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**28. Our Promoter and certain of our Directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in our performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses.**

Certain of our Directors including our Promoter are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoter will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoter will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoter may take actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority