**49. The requirements of being a public listed company may strain our resources and impose additional requirements.**

With the increased scrutiny of the affairs of a public listed company by shareholders, regulators and the public at large, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur in the past. We will also be subject to the provisions of the listing agreements signed with the Stock Exchange(s) which require us to file unaudited financial results on a half yearly basis. In order to meet our financial control and disclosure obligations, significant resources and management supervision will be required. As a result, management's attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or readily determine and report any changes to our results of operations in a timely manner as other listed companies. In addition, we will need to increase the strength of our management team and hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate public company experience and accounting knowledge and we cannot assure that we will be able to do so in a timely manner.

**50. Stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and capital expenditures and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.**

Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and/or statutory requirements in the countries in which we operate. Our operations may generate certain amounts of pollutants and waste, some of which may be hazardous in nature. The discharge, storage and disposal of such hazardous substances are subject to environmental regulations. The scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted. The costs and management time required to comply with these requirements could be significant. The measures we implement in order to comply with these new laws and regulations may not be deemed sufficient by governmental authorities and our compliance costs may significantly exceed our estimates. In addition, due to the possibility of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, the amount of future environmental expenditures may vary widely from those currently anticipated. Further, any environment related investments/expenditure may reduce funds available for other investments. There can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings or be held responsible in any such future litigation or proceedings relating to safety, health and environmental matters in the future, the costs of which could be material. Clean-up, remediation costs, as well as damages, temporary shutdown of operations and other liabilities and related litigation, may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Although, there have been no material events relating to this risk factor as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such events may not occur in the future.

**51. We have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to mobilize the required resources or any shortfall in the issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule.**

Our requirements for proposed funds for our expansion as described in the section titled "*Objects of the Issue*" is to be funded from the proceeds of this IPO. Other than this offering, we have not identified any alternate source of funding and any delay or failure to mobilize the required funding or any shortfall in the issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we would be able to execute our plans/strategy within the given timeframe. For details, kindly refer to the chapter titled "*Objects of the Issue*" on page Error! Bookmark not defined..

**52. Interest rate fluctuations may adversely affect the Company's business.**

The Company may enter into certain borrowing arrangements to finance its capital requirements in the ordinary course of business for general working capital purposes. In the event interest rates increase, the Company's costs of borrowing will increase, and its profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected.

For further details relating to interest rates, please refer to the chapter titled "*Statement of Financial Indebtedness*" on page 172 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**53. Our inability to establish internal control systems could cause operational errors which may adversely affect our business.**

A critical piece of our growth strategy is to develop and maintain streamlined internal systems and processes in order to enhance efficiency and profitability. While we are constantly focused on optimizing our internal controls, any possible lapse in our control mechanism may lead to errors and anomalies that may impact our operations.