quarterly financial results, certifying the utilization of funds for working capital in the same format as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus until the proceeds raised for this purpose are fully utilized.

## Variation in Objects

In accordance with Section 13(8) and Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable rules, our Company shall not vary the objects of the Issue without our Company being authorised to do so by the Shareholders by way of a special resolution through postal ballot. In addition, the notice issued to the Shareholders in relation to the passing of such special resolution (the Postal Ballot Notice) shall specify the prescribed details as required under the Companies Act and applicable rules. The Postal Ballot Notice shall simultaneously be published in the newspapers, one in English and one in the vernacular language of the jurisdiction where the Registered Office is situated. Our Promoters or controlling Shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to such Shareholders who do not agree to the proposal to vary the objects, at such price, and in such manner, as may be prescribed by SEBI, in this regard.

## Other Confirmations

No part of the Net Proceeds will be utilized by our Company as consideration to our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group, our Directors, our Group Companies or Key Managerial Personnel. Our Company has not entered into or is not planning to enter into any arrangement/ agreements with our Directors, our Promoters, the members of our Promoter Group, the Key Managerial Personnel or our Group Companies in relation to the utilization of the Net Proceeds of the issue. Further, except in the ordinary course of business, there is no existing or anticipated interest of such individuals and entities in the Objects of the issue as set out above, except in the normal course of business and as disclosed in the sections titled "*Our Promoters and Promoter Group*" and "*Our Management*" as mentioned on page 176 and 160 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.