<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td>one-third shall be available for allocation to Domestic Mutual Funds only, subject to valid bids received from Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price.</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Minimum Application Size/ Bid</td><td>[●] Equity Shares</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares equivalent to more than two lots and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares.</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares equivalent to more than two lots and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares.</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares equivalent to two lots</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum Application Size/ Bid</td><td>[●] Equity Shares</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares not exceeding the size of the Net Issue, subject to applicable limits</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares not exceeding the size of the issue (excluding the QIB portion), subject to limits as applicable to the Bidder</td><td>Such number of Equity Shares equivalent to two lots</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of Application/Bidding</td><td>Through ASBA Process Only</td><td>Through ASBA Process Only (Except for Anchor Investor)</td><td>Through ASBA Process through banks or by using UPI ID for payment</td><td>Through ASBA Process through banks or by using UPI ID for payment</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Allotment</td><td>Firm allotment</td><td>More than 2 Lots.</td><td>More than 2 Lots.</td><td>2 Lots</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Lot</td><td>Firm allotment</td><td>More than 2 Lots.</td><td>More than 2 Lots.</td><td>2 Lots</td></tr><tr><td>Trading Lot</td><td>[●] Equity Shares, However the Market Makers may accept odd lots if any in the market as required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples thereof</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples thereof</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples thereof</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of Allotment</td><td colspan="4">Compulsorily in dematerialized form.</td></tr><tr><td>Who can apply?</td><td>Market Maker</td><td>Public financial institutions as specified in Section 2(72) of the Companies Act 2013, scheduled commercial banks, multilateral and</td><td>Resident Indian individuals, Eligible NRIs, HUFs (in the name of Karta), companies, corporate bodies, scientific institutions, societies,</td><td>Resident Indian individuals, HUFs (in the name of Karta) and Eligible NRIs applying for Equity Shares such that the Bid amount exceed</td></tr></table>

277