<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents. Pursuant to Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022 issued by SEBI, all individual investors applying in public issues where the application amount is up to Rs.5.00 lakhs using UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the bid-cum application form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an offer and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity)</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>SEBI circular no. CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22 dated February 15, 2018, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022, SEBI circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023 along with the circular issued by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited having reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022 and the circular issued by National Stock Exchange of India Limited having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI and Stock Exchanges in this regard along with the circular issued by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited having reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single-window mobile payment system developed by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI)</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the UPI Bidder by way of a notification on the UPI application and by way of a SMS for directing the UPI Bidder to such UPI mobile application) to the UPI Bidder initiated by the Sponsor Bank to authorise blocking of funds on the UPI application equivalent to Bid Amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment</td></tr><tr><td>UPI mechanism</td><td>Process for applications by UPI Bidders submitted with intermediaries with UPI as mode of payment, in terms of the UPI Circulars</td></tr><tr><td>UPI PIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transaction</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. Securities Act</td><td>U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter or Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>Wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>Working Days</td><td>In accordance with Regulation 2(1)(mmm) of SEBI ICDR Regulations, working days' means, all days on which commercial banks in the city as specified in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are open for business.<br>However, in respect of announcement of price band and bid/ Issue period, working day shall mean all days, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, on which commercial banks in the city as notified in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus are open for business.<br>In respect to the time period between the bid/ Issue closing date and the listing of the specified securities on the stock exchange, working day shall mean all trading days of the stock exchange, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and bank holidays in accordance with circular issued by SEBI.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Issuer and Industry Related Terms