ID, for IBs Bidding in the Individual Portion using the UPI Mechanism, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they may get their Equity Shares rematerialized subsequent to Allotment of the Equity Shares in the Issue, subject to applicable laws.

As per Section 29(1) of the Companies Act 2013, allotment of Equity Shares shall be made in dematerialized form only. Investors will not have the option of getting allotment of specified securities in physical form.

The Equity Shares, on allotment, shall be traded on the Stock Exchange in demat segment only.

A single application from any investor shall not exceed the investment limit/minimum number of Equity Shares that can be held by him/her/it under the relevant regulations/statutory guidelines and applicable law.

## Phased implementation of Unified Payments Interface

SEBI has issued UPI Circulars in relation to streamlining the process of public issue of equity shares and convertibles by introducing an alternate payment mechanism using UPI. Pursuant to the UPI Circulars, UPI has been introduced in a phased manner as a payment mechanism (in addition to mechanism of blocking funds in the account maintained with SCSBs under the ASBA) for applications by IBs through Designated Intermediaries with the objective to reduce the time duration from public issue closure to listing from six Working Days to up to three Working Days. Considering the time required for making necessary changes to the systems and to ensure complete and smooth transition to the UPI payment mechanism, the UPI Circulars have introduced and implemented the UPI payment mechanism in three phases in the following manner:

a. **Phase I:** This phase was applicable from January 1, 2019 until March 31, 2019 or floating of five main board public issues, whichever was later. Subsequently, the timeline for implementation of Phase I was extended until June 30, 2019. Under this phase, an Individual bidders also had the option to submit the ASBA Form with any of the Designated Intermediaries and use his / her UPI ID for the purpose of blocking of funds. The time duration from public issue closure to listing continued to be six Working Days.

b. **Phase II:** This phase has become applicable from July 1, 2019 and was to initially continue for a period of three months or floating of five main board public issues, whichever is later. SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 has decided to extend the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II until March 31, 2020. Under this phase, submission of the physical ASBA Form by an Individual bidders through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and is replaced by the UPI payment mechanism. However, the time duration from public issue closure to listing continues to be six Working Days during this phase. Subsequently, SEBI, vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020 extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II till further notice. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, individual investors Bidding up to Rs. 500,000 shall use UPI and provide their UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, CDPs and RTAs.

c. **Phase III:** This phase has become applicable on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 1, 2023, vide SEBI circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 ("T+3 Notification"). In this phase, the time duration from public issue closure to listing would be reduced to three Working Days. SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 had approved The Issue shall be undertaken pursuant to the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares processes and procedures as notified in public issue the T+3 Notification as applicable, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from existing six working days to three working days and pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023, the reducetime to time period of three working days has been made voluntary for public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and mandatory for public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023, including any circular, clarification or notification which may be issued by SEBI.

Pursuant to the UPI Circulars, SEBI has set out specific requirements for redressal of investor grievances for applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the UPI Circulars include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI, the requirement for SCSBs to send SMS alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than one day from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline and submit confirmation of the unblock to the BRLMs and Registrar within the prescribed timelines would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law.