Issue. Under-subscription if any, in any category, except in the QIB Category, would be allowed to be met with spill over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange. Allocation to Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis.

Pursuant to NSE Circular No. NSE/IPO/68604 and NSE Notice No. 20250618-11 dated June 18, 2025, All categories of Bidders, including Individual Investors, Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs), and Non-Institutional Investors (NIIs), shall not be permitted to withdraw or make downward revision their Bids once submitted. Downward modification and cancellation of Bids are not applicable under the revised bidding process.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, allocation to all categories in the Net Issue, shall be made on a proportionate basis, except for Individual Portion where allotment to each Individual Bidders shall not be less than the minimum bid lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in Individual Portion, and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis. Under subscription, if any, in any category, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Stock Exchange. However, under subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill over from other categories or a combination of categories.

In terms of SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 and the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, all the investors applying in a public Issue shall use only Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) process for application providing details of the bank account which will be blocked by the Self Certified Syndicate Banks (SCSBs) for the same. Further, pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 01, 2018, Individual Investors applying in public Issue may use either Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) facility for making application or also can use UPI as a payment mechanism with Application Supported by Blocked Amount for making application. For details in this regard, specific attention is invited to the section titled "**Issue Procedure**" beginning on page 281 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

The process of Book Building under the SEBI ICDR Regulations is subject to change from time to time and the investors are advised to make their own judgment about investment through this process prior to making a Bid or application in the Issue.

For further details on the method and procedure for Bidding, please see section titled "**Issue Procedure**" on page 281 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process: Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the Issue; it also excludes Bidding by Anchor Investors. Bidders can bid at any price within the Price Band. For instance, assume a Price Band of Rs.20 to Rs. 24 per share, Issue size of 3,000 Equity Shares and receipt of five Bids from Bidders, details of which are shown in the table below. The illustrative book given below shows the demand for the Equity Shares of the Issuer at various prices and is collated from Bids received from various investor.

<table><thead><tr><td>Bid Quantity</td><td>Bid Amount (Rs.)</td><td>Cumulative Quantity</td><td>Subscription</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>500</td><td>24</td><td>500</td><td>16.67%</td></tr><tr><td>1,000</td><td>23</td><td>1,500</td><td>50.00%</td></tr><tr><td>1,500</td><td>22</td><td>3,000</td><td>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td>2,000</td><td>21</td><td>5,000</td><td>166.67%</td></tr></tbody></table>

The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the Issuer is able to Issue the desired number of Equity Shares is the price at which the book cuts off, i.e., Rs. 22.00 in the above example. The Company in consultation with the BRLM, may finalise the Issue Price at or below such Cut-Off Price, i.e., at or below Rs. 22.00. All Bids at or above this Issue Price and cut-off Bids are valid Bids and are considered for allocation in the respective categories.

**Steps to be taken by the Bidders for Bidding:**

* Check eligibility for making a Bid (see section titled "**Issue Procedure**" on page 281 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus);

* Ensure that you have a demat account and the demat account details are correctly mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form;

* Ensure correctness of your PAN, DP ID and Client ID mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form. Based on these parameters, the Registrar to the Issue will obtain the Demographic Details of the Bidders from the Depositories.

* Except for Bids on behalf of the Central or State Government officials, residents of Sikkim and the officials appointed by the courts, who may be exempt from specifying their PAN for transacting in the securities market, for Bids of all values ensure that you have mentioned your PAN allotted under the Income Tax Act in the Bid cum Application Form. The