PREVENTION OF MONEY LAUNDERING ACT, 2002

Money laundering is the processing of criminal proceeds to disguise its illegal origin. Terrorism, illegal arms sales, financial crimes, smuggling and the activities of organized crime, including drug trafficking and prostitution rings, generate huge sums. Embezzlement, insider trading, bribery and computer fraud also produce large profits and create an incentive to legitimise the ill-gotten gains through money laundering. When a criminal activity generates substantial profits, the individual or group involved in such activities route the funds to safe heavens by disguising the sources, changing the form, or moving the funds to a place where they are less likely to attract attention.

BHARTIYA NYAYA SANHITA, 2023

This act supersedes the Indian Penal Code, 1860, this comprehensive legal framework addresses various facets of criminal law, including offenses, penalties, defenses and procedural guidelines. The Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita Act largely retains provisions from the Indian Penal Code, 1860, but also introduced new offences including but not limited to cybercrimes, environmental violations and removed invalidated offences that were earlier there and enhances penalties for certain offences. Notably, community service replaced the sedition as a form of punishment and terrorism is also explicitly recognizes as an offence. The Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita Act streamlines legal procedures, ensuring faster trials and emphasizes on witness protection and evidence collection.

BHARTIYA NAGRIK SURAKSHA SANHITA ACT, 2023

This act superseded the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 and became the main legislation on procedure for administration of substantive criminal law in India, this act received assent from the president of India on December 25, 2023 and came into effect from July 01, 2024. The Bhartiya Nagrik Suraksha Sanhita Act, introduces specific timelines for investigation and trial, ensures timely FIR registration for complaints submitted through electronic communication, mandates forwarding medical examination reports of rape victims within seven days and empowers courts to conduct trial in absentia against proclaimed offenders. Additionally, the Act emphasizes prompt judgment pronouncement and requires audio-video recording of search and seizure during investigations. Notably, proceeds of crime can be attached by the court and distributed among victims. The Bhartiya Nagrik Suraksha Sanhita Act aims to expedite proceedings and enhance transparency in the criminal justice system.

BHARTIYA SAKSHYA ADHINIYAM ACT, 2023

This act superseded the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, this act modernizes evidence handling within the Indian legal system, addressing digital evidence and other contemporary issues. This act focuses on procedural aspect of law, governing how rights may be enforced before a court of law. This act introduces changes related to electronic evidence definitions and admissibility procedures. This act received presidential assent on December 25, 2023 and came into effect from July 01, 2024, this act has omitted certain terms which were earlier present in the Indian Evidence Act and the major change was to include electronic evidence as part of the definition of documentary records and also included the possibility of giving oral evidence electronically.

ARBITRATION & CONCILIATION ACT, 1996

The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 is an act to consolidate and amend the law relating to domestic arbitration, international commercial arbitration and enforcement of foreign arbitral awards as also to define the law relating to conciliation and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. It aims at streamlining the process of arbitration and facilitating conciliation in business matters. The Act recognizes the autonomy of parties in the conduct of arbitral proceedings by the arbitral tribunal and abolishes the scope of judicial review of the award and minimizes the supervisory role of Courts. A significant feature of the Act is the appointment of arbitrators by the Chief Justice of India or Chief Justice of High Court. The Chief Justice may either appoint the arbitrator himself or nominate a person or Institution to nominate the arbitrator. The autonomy of the arbitral tribunal has further been strengthened by empowering them to decide on jurisdiction and to consider objections regarding the existence or validity of the arbitration agreement.

NEGOTIABLE INSTRUMENTS ACT, 1881

In India, cheques are governed by the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881, which is largely a codification of the English Law on the subject. The Act provides effective legal provision to restrain people from issuing cheques without having sufficient funds in their account or any stringent provision to punish them in the event of such cheque not being honoured by their bankers and returned unpaid. Section 138 of the Act creates statutory offence in the matter of dishonour of cheques on the ground of insufficiency of funds in the account maintained by a person with the banker which is punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two year, or with fine which may extend to twice the amount of the cheque, or with both.

INDIAN STAMP ACT, 1899