74. **We have not prepared and currently do not intend to prepare, our financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). Our transition to IFRS reporting could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations or financial condition.**

Public companies in India, including us, may be required to prepare annual and interim financial statements under IFRS in accordance with the roadmap for convergence with IFRS announced by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India through a press note dated January 22, 2010 (the "IFRS Convergence Note"). The Ministry of Corporate Affairs by a press release dated February 25, 2011 has notified that 35 Indian Accounting Standards are to be converged with IFRS. The date of implementation of such converged Indian accounting standards has not yet been determined. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or changes in shareholders' equity may appear materially different under IFRS than under Indian GAAP or our adoption of converged Indian Accounting Standards may adversely affect our reported results of operations or financial condition. This may have a material adverse effect on the amount of income recognized during that period and in the corresponding (restated) period in the comparative Fiscal/period.

75. **Financial difficulty and other problems in certain long-term lending institutions and investment institutions in India could have a negative impact on our business.**

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is referred to as "systemic risk," may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom we interact on a daily basis. Our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by the counter party, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. As the Indian financial system operates within an emerging market, we face risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies, including the risk of deposit runs notwithstanding the existence of a national deposit insurance scheme. The problems faced by individual Indian financial institutions and any instability in or difficulties faced by the Indian financial system generally could create adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks. This in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

76. **Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares.**

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or fall under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/ tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all.

77. **Political instability or changes in the Government could adversely affect economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular.**

Our business and the market price and liquidity of our Equity Shares, may be affected by interest rates, changes in Government policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. Elimination or substantial change of policies or the introduction of policies that negatively affect the Company's business could cause its results of operations to suffer. Any significant change in India's economic policies could disrupt business and economic conditions in India generally and the Company's business in particular.

78. **Terrorist attacks, civil unrests and other acts of violence or war involving India or other countries could adversely affect the financial markets, our business, financial condition and the price of our Equity Shares.**

Any major hostilities involving India or other acts of violence, including civil unrest or similar events that are beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect on India's economy and our business. Incidents such as the Mumbai terrorist attacks and other acts of violence may adversely affect the Indian stock markets where our Equity Shares will trade as well the global equity markets generally. Such acts could negatively impact business sentiment as well as trade between countries, which could adversely affect our Company's business and profitability. Additionally, such events could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares.

79. **Our operations may be adversely affected by war, terrorism, civil unrest, or other geopolitical conflicts.**