# SECTION I – GENERAL

## DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline, directions, notifications, circulars, clarifications or policy shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline directions, notifications, circulars, clarifications or policy, as amended, updated, supplemented or re-enacted from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision. In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below), the definitions given below shall prevail.

The words and expressions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent applicable, the meaning ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Securities Contracts Regulation Act, 1956 ("SCRA"), the Depositories Act or the rules and regulations made there under.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms used in the chapters titled "Industry Overview", "Key Industrial Regulations and Policies", "Statement of Possible Tax Benefits", "Restated Financial Statements", "Basis for Issue Price", "History and Certain Corporate Matters", "Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures", "Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments", "Description of Equity Shares and Terms of the Articles of Association" on pages 115, 176, 112, 228, 103, 103,259, 249 and 319 respectively, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in such sections.

### General Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Ashutosh Fibre Limited", "the Company" "our Company", "Issuer", "we", "us" and "our"</td><td>Ashutosh Fibre Limited, a public limited company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956, having its Registered office at 111 – New Cloth Market Rajpur, Ahmedabad-380002, Gujarat, India.</td></tr><tr><td>"Our Promoter(s)"</td><td>Siddharth Prakash Patel and Abhishek Rajendrakumar Agarwal are the individual promoters and Prahash Fin-stock Private Limited is the corporate promoter of the Issuer Company.</td></tr><tr><td>"Promoters' Group"</td><td>Companies, individuals and entities (other than companies) as defined under Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 which is provided in the chapter titled "Our Promoters and Promoters Group" beginning on page 217.</td></tr><tr><td>"you", "your" or "yours"</td><td>Prospective investors in this Issue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Company related and Conventional terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>AOA/ Articles/ Articles of Association</td><td>Articles of Association of our Company, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Audit Committee</td><td>The Audit Committee of our Board constituted in accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and as described in the chapter titled "Our Management-Constitution of Committees-Audit Committee" beginning on page 204.</td></tr><tr><td>Auditors/ Statutory Auditors</td><td>The Statutory Auditors of our Company being M/s Shah & Patel, Chartered Accountants. Holding a valid peer review certificate as mentioned in the section titled "General Information" beginning on page 62.</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to the Company</td><td>Citi Bank N.A., Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda.</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to the Issue</td><td>Collectively, Escrow Collection Bank(s), Public Issue Account Bank(s), Sponsor Bank(s) and Refund Bank(s), as the case may be.</td></tr><tr><td>Board of Directors/ the Board/ our Board</td><td>The Board of Directors of our Company, including all duly constituted Committees thereof. For further details of our Directors, please refer to section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Central Processing Centre (CPC)</td><td>It's an initiative of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) for centralized processing of regulatory compliance forms filed under Companies Act, 2013 and Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008.</td></tr><tr><td>Chairman or Chairperson</td><td>The Chairman of Board of Directors of our Company being Siddharth Prakash Patel.</td></tr><tr><td>Chartered Engineer</td><td>The Independent Chartered Engineer appointed by our Company, being B.P. Oza & Associates.</td></tr><tr><td>Chief Financial Officer/ CFO</td><td>The Chief Financial Officer of our Company being Alpesh Rameshchandra Bhavsar. For</td></tr></tbody></table>