Under the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 (the “Stamp Act”) stamp duty is payable on instruments evidencing a transfer or creation or extinguishment of any right, title or interest in immovable property. Stamp duty must be paid on all instruments specified under the Stamp Act at the rates specified in the schedules to the Stamp Act. The applicable rates for stamp duty on instruments chargeable with duty vary from state to state. Instruments chargeable to duty under the Stamp Act, which are not duly stamped are incapable of being admitted in court as evidence of the transaction contained therein and it also provides for impounding of instruments that are not sufficiently stamped or not stamped at all.

## LIMITATION ACT, 1963

The law relating to Law of Limitation to India is the Limitation Act, 1859 and subsequently Limitation Act, 1963 which was enacted on 5th of October, 1963 and which came into force from 1st of January 1964 for the purpose of consolidating and amending the legal principles relating to limitation of suits and other legal proceedings. The basic concept of limitation is relating to fixing or prescribing of the time period for barring legal actions. According to Section 2 (j) of the Limitation Act, 1963, ‘period of limitation’ means the period of limitation prescribed for any suit, appeal or application by the Schedule and ‘prescribed period’ means the period of limitation computed in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

## THE DIGITAL PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT, 2023 (“DPDP ACT”)

The DPDP Act was notified on August 11, 2023 and is yet to come into effect. It replaces the existing data protection provision, as contained in Section 43A of the IT Act. The DPDP Act shall come into force on such date as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint and different dates may be appointed for different provisions of the DPDP Act. The DPDP Act seeks to balance the rights of individuals to protect their digital personal data with the need to process personal data for lawful and other incidental purposes. The DPDP Act provides that personal data may be processed only for a lawful purpose after obtaining the consent of the individual. A notice must be given before seeking consent, except in case of legitimate uses as provided under the DPDP Act. It further imposes certain obligations on data fiduciaries including (i) make reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and completeness of data, (ii) build reasonable security safeguards to prevent a data breach, (iii) inform the Data Protection Board of India (the “DPB”) and affected persons in the event of a breach and (iv) erase personal data as soon as the purpose has been met and retention is not necessary for legal purposes (storage limitation). In case of government entities, storage limitation and the right of the data principal to erasure will not apply. The DPDP Act imposes certain additional obligations on a significant data fiduciary, such as appointment of a data protection officer, appointment of an independent data auditor and undertaking of other measures namely, periodic data protection impact assessment, periodic audit and such other measures as may be prescribed under the DPDP Act. The Central Government will establish the DPB. Key functions of the DPB include: (i) monitoring compliance and imposing penalties, (ii) directing data fiduciaries to take necessary measures in the event of a data breach and (iii) hearing grievances made by affected persons. The DPB members will be appointed for two years and will be eligible for re-appointment. The Central Government will prescribe details such as the number of members of the DPB and the selection process.

## THE DIGITAL PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION (DPDP) RULES, 2025,

The DPDP Rules, 2025 is a comprehensive framework for the responsible handling of digital personal data in India. These rules are applicable to any entity—whether based in India or abroad—that processes the personal data of individuals located in India. This includes data collected directly in digital form or converted into digital format after being collected offline. The rules are designed to ensure that personal data is processed in a lawful, transparent and secure manner. However, they do not apply to data processed by individuals for personal or domestic purposes, or to information that has been made publicly available by the individual or under legal obligation. Certain exemptions are also provided for specific sectors, such as education and healthcare, particularly when processing children’s data for safety or welfare purposes. Overall, the DPDP Rules aim to build trust in digital systems by enforcing accountability and giving individuals greater control over their data, making it essential for all organizations handling such data to understand and comply with these regulations.

## THE ENERGY CONSERVATION (AMENDMENT) ACT, 2022

The Energy Conservation Act, 2001 was enacted to provide for efficient use of energy, its conservation and for matters connected therewith and/ or incidental thereto. The amended Act provides for regulation of energy consumption by equipment, appliances, vehicles, vessels, industrial units, buildings or establishments that consume, generate, transmit or supply energy. With special focus on promotion of new and renewable energy and the National Green Hydrogen Mission, the amendment seeks to (i) facilitate the achievement of “Panchamrit” — the five nectar elements presented by India in COP-26 (Conference of Parties -26) in Glasgow 2021. In addition to facilitating the achievement of ‘Panchamrit’, the amended Act aims to promote renewable energy and develop the domestic carbon market to combat climate change and introduce new concepts such as carbon trading and mandate the use of non-fossil sources to ensure faster decarbonisation and help achieve sustainable development goals in line with the Paris Agreement and various other actions related to climate change.

## BUREAU OF INDIAN STANDARDS ACT, 2016 (“BIS ACT”)

191