1. We do not have long-term agreements for supply of our raw materials. If we are unable to procure raw materials of the required quality and quantity, at competitive prices, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.

Our Company is dependent on third-party suppliers for the procurement of key raw materials, including polypropylene fibre, high-tenacity polyester, modacrylic fibre, para-aramid fibre, flame retardant (FR) viscose fibre and specialised blends such as melamine and peroxidised PAN. These are the primary inputs used in the manufacture of our technical yarns across the Indutech, Protech, Mobiltech and Hometech products. We source majority of our raw materials from our top 10 suppliers. A significant portion of our raw materials is procured from a limited number of key suppliers and any disruption in the supply of raw materials from such suppliers could adversely impact our operations if we are unable to replace them or have alternative in a timely and cost-effective manner.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue sourcing raw materials from our existing suppliers or enter into new arrangements on terms acceptable to us. Our inability to secure sufficient raw materials could adversely affect our production schedules, sales volumes and profitability. Our Company, our Promoters, Directors and Promoter Group do not have any direct or indirect relationship with our suppliers.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Particulars</th><th colspan="6">For the Financial Year ended on</th></tr><tr><th colspan="2">March 31, 2025</th><th colspan="2">March 31, 2024</th><th colspan="2">March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amt (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of Total Raw Material Purchases</th><th>Amt (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of Total Raw Material Purchases</th><th>Amt (₹ in lakhs)</th><th>% of Total Raw Material Purchases</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Purchases from Top Supplier</td><td>962.32</td><td>13.19%</td><td>1,061.88</td><td>14.69%</td><td>1,211.78</td><td>20.11%</td></tr><tr><td>Purchases from Top 5 Suppliers</td><td>3,813.84</td><td>52.26%</td><td>4,162.71</td><td>57.60%</td><td>3,909.48</td><td>64.88%</td></tr><tr><td>Purchases from Top 10 Suppliers</td><td>5,131.24</td><td>70.31%</td><td>5,644.87</td><td>78.10%</td><td>4,968.13</td><td>82.45%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Our Company has long-standing relationships with its suppliers; however, in the ordinary course of business, we do not enter into long-term supply agreements. Purchases are generally made through local suppliers on the basis of purchase orders, which may be discontinued, modified, or cancelled without significant prior notice. The absence of long-term agreements which exposes us to volatility in procurement costs. Additionally, any failure by suppliers to deliver raw materials in the required quality or timelines may disrupt our production schedules. While our Company has not experienced supply disruptions during the last three financial years, there can be no assurance that such relationships will continue uninterrupted in the future.

A large proportion of our specialty fibres, such as para-aramid, meta-aramid, modacrylic and flame retardant (FR) viscose, are imported, creating a dependency on global suppliers and exposing us to risks relating to foreign exchange fluctuations, supply chain delays, freight cost volatility and changes in international trade policies. In contrast, polypropylene and polyester are sourced domestically; however, their pricing is directly linked to crude oil and petrochemical markets, which are inherently volatile.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">For the Financial Year ended on</th></tr><tr><th>March 31, 2025</th><th>March 31, 2024</th><th>March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Total Raw Material and Traded Goods Purchase (₹ in lakhs)</td><td>7,295.41</td><td>7,227.68</td><td>6,026.11</td></tr><tr><td><strong>As % of Total Expenses</strong></td><td><strong>70.23%</strong></td><td><strong>72.20%</strong></td><td><strong>64.51%</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Domestic as % of Total Purchase</td><td>63.08%</td><td>58.82%</td><td>61.48%</td></tr><tr><td>Imports as % of Total Purchase</td><td>36.92%</td><td>41.18%</td><td>38.52%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Any significant disruption in availability or increase in the pricing of these raw materials could materially raise our input costs. Since our ability to pass on cost increases to customers is limited by competitive pressures, such volatility could materially reduce our operating margins.

Although our Company has not experienced raw material shortages in the last three financial years, there is no assurance that this will continue in the future. Any inability to secure consistent and cost-efficient supply of critical raw materials may lead to lower production, reduced sales volumes, compressed profit margins and could materially and adversely affect our Company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

2. A significant portion of our revenue comes from key customers and losing one or more of them, experiencing a decline in their financial health or business outlook, or facing a reduction in their demand for our products could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.