<table><tr><td></td><td>University</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Years of Experience</td><td>She has over 2 years of experience as a Company Secretary</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>A-001, Sagun Castle, Near Jay Ma Society, Star Bazar Satelite Road, Ambawadi Vistar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 380015, India</td></tr><tr><td>Occupation</td><td>Business</td></tr><tr><td>Nationality</td><td>Indian</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Appointment</td><td>She was appointed as an Additional Independent Director at the Board Meeting held on July 14, 2025. Pursuant to the Extra-ordinary General meeting held on July 23, 2025 her appointment was regularised as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.</td></tr><tr><td>Term of Appointment and date of expiration of current term of office.</td><td>Appointed as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.</td></tr><tr><td>Other Directorships</td><td><b>Listed Companies</b><br/>1. VMS Industries Limited<br/><b>Unlisted Companies</b><br/>Nil</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2"><b>Jayshree Vikram Patel</b></td></tr><tr><td>Father's Name</td><td>Shivlal Dhanjibhai Kadiya</td></tr><tr><td>DIN</td><td>10940066</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Birth</td><td>June 16, 1984</td></tr><tr><td>Age</td><td>41 years</td></tr><tr><td>Designation</td><td>Independent Director</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Non- Executive</td></tr><tr><td>Qualification</td><td>Bachelor of Laws (Special) from Saurashtra University, Bachelor of Laws (General) from Saurashtra University and Bachelor of Arts from Bhavnagar University</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Years of Experience</td><td>She has over 9 years of experience as an Advocate, handling both criminal and civil matters.</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>Flat No. E-401, Sahaj Prime, Opp. Gokul Hotel, Sola Bhagwat Temple 100 feet road, Off S.G. Highway, Sola Bhagwat Temple, Sola, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 380060, India</td></tr><tr><td>Occupation</td><td>Business</td></tr><tr><td>Nationality</td><td>Indian</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Appointment</td><td>She was appointed as an Additional Independent Director at the Board Meeting held on July 14, 2025. Pursuant to the Extra-ordinary General meeting held on July 23, 2025 her appointment was regularised as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.</td></tr><tr><td>Term of Appointment and date of expiration of current term of office.</td><td>Appointed as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.</td></tr><tr><td>Other Directorships</td><td><b>Listed Companies</b><br/>Nil<br/><b>Unlisted Companies (Public)</b><br/>1. Alpine Texworld Limited</td></tr></table>

As on the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

A. None of the above-mentioned Directors are on the RBI List of wilful defaulters or Fraudulent Borrowers.

B. None of the Promoter, persons forming part of our Promoter Group, our directors or persons in control of our Company or our Company are debarred from accessing the capital market by SEBI.

C. None of the Promoter, Directors or persons in control of our Company, has been or is involved as a promoter, director or person in control of any other company, which is debarred from accessing the capital market under any order or directions made by SEBI or any other regulatory authority.

D. None of our Directors are/were directors of any company whose shares were delisted from any stock exchange(s) up to the date of filling of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

E. None of Promoter or Directors of our Company are a fugitive economic offender as defined in Regulation 2(1)(p) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, nor have been declared as a 'fugitive economic offender' under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.

199