welfare measures. The prime responsibility for compliance with the Factories Act and the rules thereunder rests on the "occupier", being the person who has ultimate control over the affairs of the factory. The Factories Act states that save as otherwise provided in the Factories Act and subject to provisions of the Factories Act which impose certain liability on the owner of the factory, in the event there is any contravention of any of the provisions of the Factories Act or the rules made thereunder or of any order in writing given thereunder, the occupier and the manager of the factory shall each be guilty of the offence and punishable with imprisonment or with fine. The occupier is required to submit a written notice to the chief inspector of factories containing all the details of the factory, the owner, manager and himself, nature of activities and such other prescribed information prior to occupying or using any premises as a factory. The occupier is required to ensure, as far as it is reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare of all workers while they are at work in the factory.

## LEGAL METROLOGY ACT, 2009 ("LEGAL METROLOGY ACT") AND THE LEGAL METROLOGY (PACKAGED COMMODITIES) RULES, 2011 ("PACKAGED COMMODITIES RULES")

The Legal Metrology Act establishes and enforces standards of weights and measures and regulates trade and commerce in weights, measures and other goods sold or distributed by weight, measure or number. The Legal Metrology Act prohibits quoting prices or charges, issuing or exhibiting any price list, invoice, cash memo or other document, publishing any advertisement, or indicating the net quantity of a pre-packaged commodity, otherwise than in accordance with the standard units of weight, measure or numeration. Manufacturers are required to maintain records and registers and make declarations on pre-packaged commodities, in the manner prescribed under the Legal Metrology Act. Penalties and punishments are prescribed for numerous offenses under the Legal Metrology Act, including selling or delivering commodities, articles or things by means other than the standard weight, measure or number, or using non-standard weights, measures or numeration.

The Packaged Commodities Rules were framed under Sections 52(2)(j) and (q) of the Legal Metrology Act and lay down specific provisions applicable to packages intended for retail sale, wholesale and for export and import. Pursuant to the advisory dated December 16, 2016, issued by the Director of Legal Metrology (the "Advisory"), the mandatory labelling requirements applicable to pre-packaged commodities under the Packaged Committees Rules are not applicable to garments sold in loose form. The Advisory clarifies that the labelling requirements for garments sold in loose form include the name/description of the product, the size of the product in internationally recognizable size indicators (such as S, M, L, XL, etc.) along with details in metric notation in centimeters or meters, the maximum retail price and the name, full address and customer care number of the manufacturer.

## PUBLIC LIABILITY INSURANCE ACT, 1991 ("PUBLIC LIABILITY ACT")

The Public Liability Act, as amended, imposes liability on the owner or controller of hazardous substances for any damage arising out of an accident involving such hazardous substance. A list of hazardous substances covered by the Public Liability Act has been enumerated by the Government by way of a notification. The owner or handler is also required to take out an insurance policy insuring against liability under the legislation. The rules made under the Public Liability Act mandate that the employer has to contribute towards the environment relief fund, a sum equal to the premium paid on the insurance policies. This amount is payable to the insurer.

## THE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000 (THE "INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT") AND CERTAIN RULES MADE THEREUNDER

The Information Technology Act seeks to: (i) provide legal recognition to transactions carried out by various means of electronic data interchange involving alternatives to paper-based methods of communication and storage of information; (ii) facilitate electronic filing of documents; and (iii) create a mechanism for the authentication of electronic documentation through digital signatures. The Information Technology Act provides for jurisdiction over any offence or contravention under the Information Technology Act committed outside India by any person, irrespective of their nationality, if the act or conduct constituting the offence or contravention involves a computer, computer system or computer network located in India. Additionally, the Information Technology Act empowers the Government to direct any of its agencies to intercept, monitor or decrypt any information in the interest of sovereignty, integrity, defence and security of India, among other things. The Information Technology (Procedure and Safeguards for Blocking for Access of Information by Public) Rules, 2009, specifically permit the Government of India to block access of any information generated, transmitted, received, stored or hosted in any computer resource by the public, the reasons for which are required to be recorded by it in writing.

The Information Technology Act facilitates electronic commerce by recognizing contracts concluded through electronic means, protects intermediaries in respect of third-party information liability and creates liability for failure to protect sensitive personal data. The Information Technology Act also prescribes civil and criminal liability including fines and imprisonment for computer-related offenses including those relating to unauthorized access to computer systems, tampering with or unauthorized manipulation of any computer, computer system or computer network and damaging computer systems and creates liability for negligence in dealing with or handling any sensitive personal data or information in a computer resource and in maintaining reasonable security practices and procedures in relation thereto, among others. Further, the Information Technology Act