SHWPPR Act Defines-Sexual Harassment to include any unwelcome sexually determined behavior (whether directly or by implication). Workplace under the SHWPPR Act has been defined widely to include government bodies, private and public sector organizations, non-governmental organizations, organizations carrying on commercial, vocational, educational, entertainment, industrial, financial activities, hospitals and nursing homes, educational institutes, sports institutions and stadiums used for training individuals. The SHWPPR Act requires an employer to set up an Internal Complaints Committee at each office or branch, of an organization employing at least 10 employees. The Government in turn is required to set up a Local Complaint Committee at the district level to investigate complaints regarding sexual harassment from establishments where our internal complaints committee has not been constituted.

### APPRENTICES ACT, 1961

The Apprentices Act, 1961, as amended (the Apprentices Act) regulates and controls the programme of training of apprentices and matters connected there with. The term Apprentice means a person who is undergoing apprenticeship training in pursuance of a contract of apprenticeship. Apprenticeship Training means a course of training in any industry or establishment undergone in pursuance of a contract of apprenticeship and under prescribed terms and conditions which may be different for different categories of apprentices. Every person engaging as an apprentice is required to enter into a contract of apprenticeship with the employer which is reviewed and registered by the apprenticeship advisor.

### EQUAL REMUNERATION ACT, 1976**

The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976, as amended (ER Act) provides for the payment of equal remuneration to men and women workers for same or similar nature of work and prevention of discrimination, on the ground of sex, against women in the matter of employment and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. Under the ER Act, no discrimination is permissible in recruitment and service conditions, except where employment of women is prohibited or restricted by law. It also provides that every employer should maintain such registers and other documents in relation to the workers employed by him/her in the prescribed manner.

### EMPLOYEES DEPOSIT LINKED INSURANCE SCHEME, 1976

The scheme shall be administered by the Central Board constituted under section 5A of the EPF Act. The provisions relating to recovery of damages for default in payment of contribution with the percentage of damages are laid down under Section 8A of the act. The employer falling under the scheme shall send to the Commissioner within fifteen days of the close of each month a return in the prescribed form. The register and other records shall be produced by every employer to Commissioner or other officer so authorized shall be produced for inspection from time to time. The amount received as the employer's contribution and also Central Government's contribution to the insurance fund shall be credited to an account called as "Deposit-Linked Insurance Fund Account."

### THE EMPLOYEES' PENSION SCHEME, 1995

Family pension in relation to this act means the regular monthly amount payable to a person belonging to the family of the member of the Family Pension Fund in the event of his death during the period of reckonable service. The scheme shall apply to all the employees who become a member of the EPF or PF of the factories provided that the age of the employee should not be more than 59 years in order to be eligible for membership under this act. Every employee who is member of EPF or PF has an option of the joining scheme. The employer shall prepare a Family Pension Fund contribution card in respect of the entire employee who is member of the fund.

### INTER-STATE MIGRANT WORKMEN (REGULATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE) ACT, 1979

Inter-State Migrant Workmen Act is an act enacted by the Parliament of India to regulate the employment of inter-state migrant workmen and to provide for their conditions of service. This Act is applicable to every establishment and contractor who has employed five or more inter-state of Passbook to every inter-state migrant workman with full details, payment of displacement allowance equivalent to 50% of monthly wages of ₹ 75/-, whichever is higher, payment of journey allowance including payment of wage during the period of the journey, suitable residential accommodation, medical facilities and protective clothing, payment of wages, equal pay for equal work irrespective of sex, etc. The main responsibility for the enforcement of the provisions of the Inter-State Migrant Workmen Act lies with the Central Government and the State Governments/Union Territories in the establishments falling in the Central and State sphere, respectively.

### INDUSTRIAL EMPLOYMENT STANDING ORDERS ACT, 1946

The Industrial Employment Standing Orders Act, 1946 aims to provide for the fixation of minimum rates of wages, hours of work, holidays with pay and leave with pay in factories, workshops and other establishments or undertakings which employ ten or more workers.