ASHUTOSH FIBRE LIMITED
[FORMERLY KNOWN AS ASHUTOSH FIBRE PRIVATE LIMITED]
CIN No. : U24299GJ1985PLC007831

ANNEXURE : XXXI - RESTATED STATUTORY RATIOS

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Particular</td><td>Numerator</td><td>Denominator</td><td>As at March 31, 2025</td><td>As at March 31, 2024</td><td>As at March 31, 2023</td><td>Variance (2025-2024)</td><td>Reason for Movements March 31, 2025</td><td>Variance (2024-2023)</td><td>Reason for Movements March 31, 2024</td><td>Variance (2023-2022)</td><td>Reason for Movements March 31, 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>(a)</td><td>Current Ratio</td><td>Current assets:- inventories + trade receivables + cash &amp; cash equipments + short term loans &amp; advances + other current assets</td><td>Current liabilities:- short term borrowings + trade payables + other current liabilities + short term provisions</td><td>1.40</td><td>1.38</td><td>1.18</td><td>1.78%</td><td>-</td><td>16.78%</td><td>-</td><td>(14.68%)</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(b)</td><td>Debt-Equity Ratio</td><td>Debt:- Total Outside Liabilities</td><td>Equity:- equity attributable to equity holders</td><td>1.60</td><td>1.27</td><td>1.47</td><td>26.61%</td><td>Debt-Equity ratio has been increased primarily on account of increase in total borrowing of the company.</td><td>(13.93%)</td><td>-</td><td>(27.62%)</td><td>Debt-Equity Ratio has been improved primarily on account of decrease in the borrowing and increase in the retained earnings.</td></tr><tr><td>(c)</td><td>Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR)</td><td>Earning available for debt services :- Earning before interest (attributable to long-term borrowing), Depreciation and tax,</td><td>Interest + Principal :- interest expenses on borrowings and principal amount of borrowings due during the current year.</td><td>3.00</td><td>3.26</td><td>2.14</td><td>(8.08%)</td><td>-</td><td>52.60%</td><td>DSCR has been improved on account of increase in the profitability of the company.</td><td>(3.02%)</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(d)</td><td>Return on Equity Ratio</td><td>Net Profit after taxes - Preference Dividend (if any) :- Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent</td><td>Equity shareholders' fund :- equity attributable to equity holders of the parent. Average Equity shareholders' fund = (Opening equity shareholders' fund + closing equity shareholders' fund) / 2</td><td>26.84%</td><td>29.21%</td><td>17.20%</td><td>(8.11%)</td><td>-</td><td>69.80%</td><td>Return on Equity has been improved on account of increase in the profitability of the company.</td><td>10.03%</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(e)</td><td>Inventory turnover ratio (in times)</td><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>Average Inventory</td><td>8.41</td><td>10.21</td><td>10.87</td><td>(17.67%)</td><td>-</td><td>(6.11%)</td><td>-</td><td>1.41%</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(f)</td><td>Trade Receivables turnover ratio (in times)</td><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>Average Trade Receivables</td><td>6.58</td><td>7.54</td><td>6.30</td><td>(12.81%)</td><td>-</td><td>19.79%</td><td>-</td><td>12.62%</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(g)</td><td>Trade payables turnover ratio (in times)</td><td>Purchase :- Purchases+Expenses</td><td>Average Trade Payables</td><td>21.62</td><td>23.12</td><td>19.75</td><td>(6.46%)</td><td>-</td><td>17.05%</td><td>-</td><td>1.27%</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(h)</td><td>Net capital turnover ratio (in times)</td><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>Average Working Capital (Current assets-Current Liabilities)</td><td>9.47</td><td>14.56</td><td>14.70</td><td>(35.00%)</td><td>Net Working Capital ratio decreased as a result of increase in average working capital vis a vis the Revenue from operations.</td><td>(0.95%)</td><td>-</td><td>48.38%</td><td>Net Working Capital ratio increased as a result of increase in the Revenue vis a vis the working capital.</td></tr><tr><td>(i)</td><td>Net profit ratio</td><td>Net profit after tax</td><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>7.46%</td><td>6.42%</td><td>3.37%</td><td>16.30%</td><td>-</td><td>90.52%</td><td>Net Profit Ratio has been improved on account of increase in the Profit after tax of the company.</td><td>16.42%</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(j)</td><td>Return on Capital employed</td><td>Earning before interest &amp; taxes (EBIT) :- Profit/(loss) before interest (attributable to borrowing) and tax</td><td>Capital Employed: - Sum of total equity+Current Borrowings+Non current Borrowings</td><td>16.27%</td><td>21.00%</td><td>14.92%</td><td>(22.53%)</td><td>-</td><td>40.72%</td><td>Return on capital employed has been improved on account of increase in the profitability of the company.</td><td>24.37%</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(k)</td><td>Return on investment.</td><td>Net profit after tax</td><td>Capital Employed: - total equity + long term borrowing (including current maturity). Capital employed is worked out based on average i.e. (opening capital employed + closing capital employed) / 2</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td><td>N.A</td></tr></tbody></table>

F31