Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India, Ahmedabad. He has over 15 years of experience in the textile industry, handling yarn manufacturing operations, quality control, process improvements and overall management of the business of the Company. He has been the Director and Promoter of the Company since June 05, 2010. Pursuant to the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on July 23, 2025 his designation was changed as Whole-Time Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 23, 2025 to July 22, 2030

## Piyush Ravishanker Bhatt

Piyush Ravishanker Bhatt aged 63 years is an Independent Director of the Company. He is a Qualified Company Secretary from the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and holds Master of Commerce from Gujarat University. He has over 38 years of experience in banking industry. He was appointed as an Additional Independent Director at the Board Meeting held on July 14, 2025. Pursuant to the Extra-ordinary General meeting held on July 23, 2025 his appointment was regularised as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.

## Dhwani Lalitbhai Nagar

Dhwani Lalitbhai Nagar aged 26 years is an Independent Director of the Company. She is a Qualified Company Secretary from The Institute of Company Secretaries of India and holds Bachelor of Laws from Gujarat University and Bachelor of Commerce from Gujarat University. She has over 2 years of experience as a Company Secretary. She was appointed as an Additional Independent Director at the Board Meeting held on July 14, 2025. Pursuant to the Extra-ordinary General meeting held on July 23, 2025 her appointment was regularised as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.

## Jayshree Vikram Patel

Jayshree Vikram Patel aged 41 years is an Independent Director of the Company. She holds Bachelor of Laws (Special) from Saurashtra University, Bachelor of Laws (General) from Saurashtra University and Bachelor of Arts from Bhavnagar University. She has over 9 years of experience as an Advocate, handling both criminal and civil matters. She was appointed as an Additional Independent Director at the Board Meeting held on July 14, 2025. Pursuant to the Extra-ordinary General meeting held on July 23, 2025 her appointment was regularised as Independent Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 14, 2025 to July 13, 2030.

## COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS TO THE MANAGING DIRECTOR AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR ARE AS FOLLOWS:

<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Siddharth Prakash Patel</th><th>Abhishek Rajendrakumar Agarwal</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><th>Designation</th><td>Chairman and Managing Director</td><td>Whole-Time Director</td></tr><tr><th>Date of Appointment/ Change in Designation</th><td>July 23, 2025</td><td>July 23, 2025</td></tr><tr><th>Period</th><td>Appointed as Managing Director and Chairman for a period of 5 years with effect from July 23, 2025 to July 22, 2030</td><td>Appointed as a Whole-Time Director for a period of 5 years with effect from July 23, 2025 to July 22, 2030</td></tr><tr><th>Salary</th><td>Up to ₹ 5,50,000/- per month (Basic Salary and Dearness allowances up to ₹ 1,40,000/-)</td><td>Up to ₹ 5,00,000/- per month (Basic Salary and Dearness allowances up to ₹ 1,40,000/-)</td></tr><tr><th>Bonus paid during the F.Y. 2024-25</th><td>₹1.50 Lakhs</td><td>₹5.00 Lakhs</td></tr><tr><th>Perquisite/Benefits</th><td><strong>Medical Reimbursement:</strong><br>Reimbursement of medical expenses actually incurred for self and family, subject to the ceiling of one-month salary in a year with the right to carry forward.<br><br><strong>Leave and leave travel concession:</strong><br>Leave and leave travel concession for self and family shall be paid once in three years. Earned privilege leaves on full pay and allowance as per the rules of the Company. Subject to the conditions that leave accumulated but not</td><td><strong>Medical Reimbursement:</strong><br>Reimbursement of medical expenses actually incurred for self and family, subject to the ceiling of one-month salary in a year with the right to carry forward.<br><br><strong>Leave and leave travel concession:</strong><br>Leave and leave travel concession for self and family shall be paid once in three years. Earned privilege leaves on full pay and allowance as per the rules of the Company. Subject to the conditions that leave</td></tr></tbody></table>