<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Name of shareholders</td><td>No. of Equity Shares held*</td><td>% of Pre-issue paid up Capital**#</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>7</td><td>Vinod Agarwal</td><td>1,750</td><td>10.00</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Rameshwaram Metal Private Limited</td><td>1,000</td><td>5.71</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>Shree Bajrangbali Int. & Dyechem Private Limited</td><td>1,700</td><td>9.71</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>R.K. Agarwal Trading and Company Private Limited</td><td>1,700</td><td>9.71</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>Prahash Fin-stock Private Limited</td><td>3,051</td><td>17.43</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>Swapnil Patel</td><td>1,412</td><td>8.07</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>Bina Patel</td><td>313</td><td>1.79</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>17,352</strong></td><td><strong>98.60</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

* The Company has not issued any convertible instruments like warrants, debentures etc. since its Incorporation and there are no outstanding convertible instruments as on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**Rounded off

# the % has been calculated based on existing (pre-issue) Paid up Capital of the Company.

10. There will be no further issue of capital, whether by way of issue of bonus shares, preferential allotment and right issue or in any other manner during the period commencing from the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus until the Equity Shares of our Company have been listed or refund of application monies in pursuance of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

As on the date of filing the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any such plan for altering the capital structure by way of split or consolidation of the denomination of the shares, or issue of specified securities on a preferential basis or issue of bonus or rights or further public issue of specified securities or qualified institutions placement. Further, our Company may alter its capital structure by way of split / consolidation of the denomination of Equity Shares or issue of equity shares on a preferential basis or issue of bonus or rights or further public issue of equity shares or qualified institutions placement, within a period of six months from the date of opening of the present issue to finance an acquisition, merger or joint venture or for regulatory compliance or such other scheme of arrangement or for any other purpose, as the Board of Directors may deem fit, if an opportunity of such nature is determined by the Board of Directors to be in the interest of our Company.

11. Our Company has not made any Initial Public Offer of specified securities in the preceding two years from the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

12. Shareholding of the Promoters of our Company:

As on the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters holds total 63,57,600 Equity Shares representing 40.37% of the pre-issue paid up equity share capital of our Company. The build-up of equity shareholding of Promoters of our Company are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="10">Siddharth Prakash Patel</th></tr><tr><th>Date of Allotment / Transfer</th><th>Nature of Issue Allotment / Transfer</th><th>Number of Equity shares</th><th>Cumulative No. of Equity Shares</th><th>Face Value (in ₹) per share</th><th>Issue/ Transfer Price (in ₹) per share</th><th>Total Consideration Paid/Received (in ₹)</th><th>% of Pre Issue Capital</th><th>% of post issue Capital</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>March 31, 2007</td><td>Transfer from Prakashbhai Patel</td><td>1</td><td>1</td><td>1,000</td><td>100</td><td>100</td><td>Negligible</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>December 08, 2007</td><td>Transfer from Thakorbhai A Patel</td><td>100</td><td>101</td><td>1,000</td><td>100</td><td>10,000</td><td>Negligible</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>February 09, 2008</td><td>Transfer from Shri Purushottamdas S Patel</td><td>100</td><td>201</td><td>1,000</td><td>100</td><td>10,000</td><td>Negligible</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>September 20, 2010</td><td>Further issue</td><td>338</td><td>539</td><td>1,000</td><td>1,000</td><td>3,38,000</td><td>Negligible</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>July 13, 2012</td><td>Further issue</td><td>1,000</td><td>1,539</td><td>1,000</td><td>1,000</td><td>10,00,000</td><td>0.01</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>