Given the nature of these borrowings and the terms of repayment/prepayment, the aggregate outstanding borrowing amounts may vary from time to time. Further, the amounts outstanding under these borrowings as well as the sanctioned limits are dependent on several factors and may vary with our business cycle with multiple intermediate repayments, drawdowns and enhancement of sanctioned limits. However, the aggregate amount to be utilized from the Net Proceeds towards repayment/ prepayment of certain borrowings, in part or in full, would not exceed ₹ 2,500 lakhs. Pursuant to the terms of the borrowing arrangements, prepayment of certain indebtedness may attract prepayment charges/penalties as prescribed by the respective lenders. Such prepayment charges, as applicable, will also be funded out of the Net Proceeds.

The repayment/prepayment, will help reduce our outstanding indebtedness, assist us in maintaining a favourable debt equity ratio and enable utilisation of some additional amount from our internal accruals for further investment in business growth and expansion. Additionally, we believe that the leverage capacity of our Company will improve our ability to raise further resources in the future to fund our potential business development opportunities and plans to grow and expand our business. The details of the borrowings availed by our Company, which are proposed to be fully or partially repaid or pre-paid from the Net Proceeds is mentioned below:

No portion of Net Proceeds, that will be utilised for repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company, will be directly or indirectly routed to our Promoters, members of promoter group, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.

We confirm that any of the below-mentioned loans, there have been no instance of delays, defaults and rescheduling/ restructuring of our borrowing or loans. For more information regarding the instances of delay in repayment, please refer to the chapter “History and Certain Corporate Matters” on page 194.

<table><thead><tr><td>Lender</td><td>Date of Sanction</td><td>Nature of Borrowing</td><td>Sanctioned amount (₹ lakh)</td><td>Amount outstanding as of August 31, 2025 (₹ lakh)</td><td>Purpose of the loans</td><td>Tenor</td><td>Rate of Interest per annum</td><td>Prepayment conditions/penalty</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c.- D08LCRR212700001)</td><td>27-09-2021</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>110.00</td><td>30.56</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 Years</td><td>9.56%</td><td rowspan="6">Prepayment penalty at the rate of 2% of sanction amount or principal outstanding whichever is higher, at the discretion of Citibank N.A.</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c.- D08LCRR212700002)</td><td>27-09-2021</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>174.00</td><td>48.33</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 Years</td><td>9.56%</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c.- D08LCRR223490001)</td><td>15-12-2022</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>200.00</td><td>111.11</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 Years</td><td>8.35%</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c.- D08LCRR240300001)</td><td>30-01-2024</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>257.00</td><td>199.89</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 Years</td><td>7.42%</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c. D08LCRR241800001)</td><td>28-06-2024</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>211.00</td><td>187.56</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 years</td><td>7.29%</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c. D08LCRR243320002)</td><td>27-11-2024</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>231.00</td><td>218.17</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 years</td><td>7.87%</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c. D08LNMX250170002)</td><td>17-01-2025</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>200.00</td><td>200.00</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 Years</td><td>8.00%</td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c.</td><td>17-01-2025</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>1,365.60</td><td>1,365.60</td><td>Term Loan for Capital utilisation</td><td>6 Years</td><td>8.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

97