Foreign Trade Act empowers the Government of India to, among other things, (a) make provisions for development and regulation of foreign trade; (b) prohibit, restrict or otherwise regulate exports and imports; (c) formulate an EXIM policy; and (d) appoint a Director General of Foreign Trade for the purpose of administering foreign trade and advising the Central Government in formulating EXIM policy and implementing the same. Every importer and exporter is required to obtain an 'Importer Exporter Code' from the Director General of Foreign Trade or from any other duly authorized officer.

## FOREIGN TRADE POLICY

The Foreign Trade Policy provides that no export or import can be made by a person without an IEC unless such person is specifically exempted. The policy provides for all exports and imports made shall be governed by the Foreign Trade Policy, unless otherwise specified. FTP provides for handbook of procedures laying down the procedure to be followed by an exporter or importer or by any Licensing/Regional Authority or by any other authority for purposes of implementing provisions of FT (D&R) Act, the Rules and the Orders made there under and provisions of FTP. Under the Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992, the Central Government is empowered to periodically formulate the Export Import Policy (the —EXIM Policy) and amend it thereafter whenever it deems fit. All exports and imports must be in compliance with the EXIM Policy. The iron and steel industry has been extended various schemes for the promotion of exports of finished goods and imports of inputs. The major schemes available are the Duty Exemption and Remission Scheme and the Export Promotion of Capital Goods (EPCG) Scheme. The Duty Exemption Scheme enables duty free imports of inputs required for the production of exports by obtaining an advance license. The Duty Remission Scheme enables post export replenishment/remission of duty on inputs used in the export product. This scheme consists of a Duty-Free Import Authorisation Scheme (—DFIA), the Duty Drawback Scheme (—DBK) and the Duty Entitlement Pass Book (the —DEPB). DFIA enables duty free replenishment of inputs used in manufacture of exports. Under the DEPB Scheme, exporters on the basis of notified entitled rates are granted duty credit, which would entitle them to import goods, except capital goods, without duty.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT ACT, 1999 ("FEMA") AND REGULATIONS FRAMED THEREUNDER

Foreign investment in India is governed primarily by the provisions of the FEMA which relates to regulation primarily by the RBI and the rules, regulations and notifications there under and the policy prescribed by the Department of Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade. As laid down by the FEMA Regulations no prior consents and approvals are required from the Reserve Bank of India, for Foreign Direct Investment under the 'automatic route' within the specified sectoral caps. In respect of all industries not specified as FDI under the automatic route and in respect of investment in excess of the specified sectoral limits under the automatic route, approval may be required from the FIPB and/or the RBI. The RBI, in exercise of its power under the FEMA, has notified the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000 ("FEMA Regulations"), as amended from time to time to prohibit, restrict or regulate, transfer by or issue security to a person resident outside India and Foreign Exchange Management (Export of Goods and Services) Regulations, 2000 for regulation on exports of goods and services.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT (NON-DEBT INSTRUMENTS) RULES, 2019 ("FEMA NDI RULES")
RULES

The RBI, in exercise of its power under the FEMA, has notified the Foreign Exchange Management (Mode of Payment and Reporting of Non-Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019 by Notification No. FEMA. 395/2019-RB dated October 17, 2019 ("FEMA Rules") to prohibit, restrict, or regulate transfer by or issue security to a person resident outside India. As laid down by the FEMA Rules, no prior consents and approvals are required from the RBI for Foreign Direct Investment ("FDI") under the "automatic route" within the specified sectoral caps. In respect of all industries not specified as FDI under the automatic route and in respect of investment in excess of the specified sectoral limits under the automatic route, approval may be required from the RBI. At present, the FDI Policy does not prescribe any cap on the foreign investments in the sector in which the Company operates. Therefore, foreign investment up to 100% is permitted in the Company under the automatic route.

## THE FOREIGN TRADE (REGULATION AND DEVELOPMENT) ACT, 1992 AND THE RULES FRAMED THEREUNDER ("FTA")

The FTA is the main legislation concerning foreign trade in India. The FTA, read along with Foreign Trade (Regulation) Rules, 1993, provides for the development and regulation of foreign trade by facilitating imports into and augmenting exports from, India and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. As per the provisions of the FTA, the Government:- (i) may make provisions for facilitating and controlling foreign trade; (ii) may prohibit, restrict and regulate exports and imports, in all or specified cases as well as subject them to exemptions; (iii) is authorised to formulate and announce an export and import policy and also amend the same from time to time, by notification in the Official Gazette; (iv) is also authorised to appoint a 'Director General of Foreign Trade' for the purpose of the FTA, including formulation and implementation of the Export-Import ("EXIM") Policy. The FTA prohibits anybody from undertaking any import or export except under an Importer-Exporter Code number ("IEC") granted by the Director General of Foreign Trade pursuant to Section 7 of the FTA. Hence, every entity in India engaged in any activity involving import/export is required to obtain an IEC unless specifically exempted from doing so. Failure to mention