business and Liquidation, where the debtor's assets are sold to repay creditors if revival is not feasible. The Code also provides for individual insolvency resolution and bankruptcy.

## SALE OF GOODS ACT, 1930

The law relating to the sale of goods is codified in the Sale of Goods Act, 1930. It defines sale and agreement to sell as a contract whereby the seller transfers or agrees to transfer the property in goods to the buyer for a price and provides that there may be a contract of sale between part owner and another and that the contract of sale may be absolute or conditional.

## THE REGISTRATION ACT, 1908 (“REGISTRATION ACT”)

The Registration Act was passed to consolidate the enactments relating to the registration of documents. The main purpose for which the Registration Act was designed to ensure information about all deals concerning land so that correct land records could be maintained. The Registration Act is used for proper recording of transactions relating to other immovable property also. The Registration Act provides for registration of other documents also, which can give these documents more authenticity. Registering authorities have been provided in all the districts for this purpose.

## CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT, 2019 (“CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT”) AND RULES MADE THEREUNDER

The Consumer Protection Act was designed and enacted to provide simpler and quicker access to redress consumer grievances. It seeks, amongst other things, to promote and protects the interests of consumers against deficiencies and defects in goods or services and secure the rights of a consumer against unfair trade practices, which may be practiced by manufacturers, service providers and traders. The definition of “consumer” under the Consumer Protection Act includes persons engaged in offline or online transactions through electronic means or by tele-shopping or direct-selling or multi-level marketing. It provides for the establishment of consumer disputes redressal forums and commissions for the purposes of redressal of consumer grievances. In addition to awarding compensation and/or passing corrective orders, the forums and commissions under the Consumer Protection Act, in cases of misleading and false advertisements, are empowered to impose imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years and fine which may extend to ten lakhs.

In line with the Consumer Protection Act, the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution, Government of India (“Ministry of Consumer Affairs”) has also notified the Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020 (“E-Commerce Rules”) on July 23, 2020, which provide a framework to regulate the marketing, sale and purchase of goods and services online. The E-Commerce Rules govern e-commerce entities which own, operate, or manage, a digital or electronic facility or platform for electronic commerce, but does not include a seller offering his goods or services for sale on a marketplace e-commerce entity. The Ministry of Consumer Affairs has also released draft amendments to the E-Commerce Rules for public comments. The aforesaid draft amendments require e-commerce entities to, amongst other things, register themselves with the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade and appoint a chief compliance officer, a nodal contact person and a resident grievance officer. Additionally, the draft amendments prohibit e-commerce entities from misleading users by manipulating search results, prohibit flash sales and abuse of dominant position and mandate e-commerce entities to identify sponsored listings of products and services with clear and prominent disclosures. Further, in 2023 a “Guidelines for Prevention and Regulation of Dark Patterns,” issued by India's Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA), aims to protect consumers from deceptive design practices in digital interfaces that mislead users into actions they did not intend, thereby undermining their autonomy and violating consumer rights. These guidelines apply to all platforms systematically offering goods or services in India, including advertisers and sellers. They define “dark patterns” as deceptive user interface or user experience designs intended to mislead users, amounting to misleading advertisements or unfair trade practices. The guidelines identify and prohibit 13 specific types of dark patterns, such as “false urgency,” which creates a fake sense of scarcity to prompt immediate action and “basket sneaking,” which includes additional items in a user's cart without consent. By establishing these regulations, the CCPA seeks to enhance transparency and fairness in digital consumer interactions, ensuring that users can make informed choices without manipulation

## CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, 1908

The Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 is a procedural law related to the administration of civil proceedings in India. The Civil Procedure Code consolidates and amends the law relating to the procedure of the Courts of Civil jurisdiction. The Code of Civil Procedure is an adjective law it neither creates nor takes away any right. It is intended to regulate the procedure to be followed by Civil Courts. The Civil Procedure Code consists of two parts. 158 Sections form the first part and the rules and orders contained in Schedule I form the second part. The object of the Code generally is to create jurisdiction while the rules indicate the mode in which the jurisdiction should be exercised.

The Code does not affect any special or local laws nor does it supersede any special jurisdiction or power conferred or any special form of procedure prescribed by or under any other law for the time being in force. The Code is the general law so that in case of conflict between the Code and the special law the latter prevails over the former. Where the special law is silent on a particular matter the Code applies, but consistent with the special enactment.