As per the Notification, any construction of new projects or activities or the expansion or modernization of existing projects or activities as listed in the Schedule attached to the notification entailing capacity addition with change in process and or technology can be undertaken only after the prior environmental clearance from the Central Government or as the case may be, by the State Level Environment Impact Assessment Authority, duly constituted by the Central government under the provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, in accordance with the procedure specified in the notification. The environmental clearance process for new projects comprises of four stages viz. screening, scoping, public consultation and appraisal. However, in 2016, MoEF issued a notification for integrating standard and objectively monitorable environmental conditions with building permissions for buildings of different sizes with rigorous monitoring mechanism for implementation of environmental concerns and obligations in building projects. This is in line with the objective of the Central Government to streamline the permissions for buildings and construction sector so that affordable housing can be provided to weaker sections in urban area under the scheme 'Housing for All by 2022' and is proposing to remove the requirement of seeking a separate environment clearance from the MoEF for individual buildings having a total build up area between 5,000 square metre and 150,000 square metre, apart from adhering to the relevant byelaws of the concerned State authorities.

## THE NOISE POLLUTION (REGULATION & CONTROL) RULES 2000 ("NOISE REGULATION RULES")

The Noise Regulation Rules regulate noise levels in industrial, commercial and residential zones. The Noise Regulation Rules also establish zones of silence of not less than 100 meters near schools, courts, hospitals, etc. The rules also assign regulatory authority for these standards to the local district courts. Penalty for non-compliance with the Noise Regulation Rules shall be under the provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986.

## NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY, 2006

This Policy seeks to extend the coverage and fill in gaps that still exist, in light of present knowledge and accumulated experience. This policy was prepared through an intensive process of consultation within the Government and inputs from experts. It does not displace, but builds on the earlier policies. It is a statement of India's commitment to making a positive contribution to international efforts. This is a response to our national commitment to a clean environment, mandated in the Constitution in Articles 48 A and 51 A (g), strengthened by judicial interpretation of Article 21. The dominant theme of this policy is that while conservation of environmental resources is necessary to secure livelihoods and well-being of all, the most secure basis for conservation is to ensure that people dependent on particular resources obtain better livelihoods from the fact of conservation, than from degradation of the resource. Following are the objectives of the National Environmental Policy:

* Conservation of Critical Environmental Resources

* Intra-generational Equity: Livelihood Security for the Poor

* Inter-generational Equity

* Integration of Environmental Concerns in Economic and Social Development

* Efficiency in Environmental Resource Use

* Environmental Governance

* Enhancement of resources for Environmental Conservation

## THE MUNICIPAL SOLID WASTES (MANAGEMENT AND HANDLING) RULES, 2000 AS SUPERSEDED BY SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT RULES, 2016 ("WASTE MANAGEMENT RULES, 2016")

The Waste Management Rules, 2000 applied to every municipal authority responsible for collection, segregation, storage, transportation, processing and disposal of municipal solid wastes. Any municipal solid waste generated in a city or a town, was required to be managed and handled in accordance with the compliance criteria and the procedure laid down in Schedule II of the Waste Management Rules, 2000. The Waste Management Rules, 2000 make the persons or establishments generating municipal solid wastes responsible for ensuring delivery of wastes in accordance with the collection and segregation system as notified by the municipal authority. The Waste Management Rules, 2000 have been superseded by the Waste Management Rules, 2016 which stipulate various duties of waste generators which, inter alia, include segregation and storage of waste generated by them in the manner prescribed in the Waste Management Rules, 2016; separate storage of construction and demolition waste and payment of user fee for solid waste management as specified in the bye-laws of the local bodies.

## FOREIGN INVESTMENT AND TRADE REGULATIONS

### FOREIGN INVESTMENT REGULATIONS

Foreign Investment in India is governed by the provisions of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended, along with the rules, regulations and notifications made by the Reserve Bank of India thereunder and the consolidated FDI Policy, effective from October 15, 2020, issued by the DPIIT and any modifications thereto or substitutions thereof, issued from time to time (the "FDI Policy").

## FOREIGN TRADE (DEVELOPMENT AND REGULATION) ACT, 1992