fluctuate significantly as a result of such volatility in the future. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for our Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this Issue, or that the price at which our Equity Shares are initially offered will correspond to the prices at which they will trade in the market subsequent to this Issue.

**64. There are restrictions on daily movements in the price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder's ability to sell, or the price at which it can sell, Equity Shares at a particular point in time.**

Once listed, we would be subject to circuit breakers imposed by Stock Exchange, which does not allow transactions beyond specified increases or decreases in the price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The percentage limit on circuit breakers is set by the stock exchanges based on the historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker limits the upward and downward movements in the price of the Equity Shares. As a result of this circuit breaker, no assurance may be given regarding your ability to sell your Equity Shares or the price at which you may be able to sell your Equity Shares at any particular time.

**65. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on sale of Equity Shares.**

Under the current Indian Income Tax provisions, all transactions of purchase and sales of securities on Indian stock exchanges are subject to levy of securities transaction tax (STT) which will be collected by respective stock exchange on which the securities are transacted. Accordingly, the Indian Income Tax Act has special capital gains tax provisions for all transactions of purchase and sale of equity shares carried out on the Indian Stock Exchanges. Under the current Indian Income Tax provisions, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India.

**66. The investors may not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they acquire in the Issue, in case of delay in receipt of Listing and Trading approval.**

We have applied to NSE to use its name as the Stock Exchange in this Issue document for listing our shares on the Emerge Platform of NSE. In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue will not be granted until after the Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. Approval for listing and trading will require all relevant documents authorizing the issuing of Equity Shares to be submitted. There could be a delay in listing the Equity Shares on the Emerge Platform of NSE. Any delay in obtaining the approval would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares.

## External Risk Factors

**67. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.**

In late 2019, COVID-19 emerged and by March 11, 2020 was declared a global pandemic by The World Health Organization. Governments and municipalities around the world instituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closings, travel restrictions, lock down of cities and closure of non-essential businesses. By the end of March, the macroeconomic impacts became significant, exhibited by, among other things, a rise in unemployment and market volatility. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including India, the United Kingdom and the United States, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. On March 24, 2020, the Government of India ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift these restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown and no prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or expire, or whether or when further restrictions will be announced.

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly COVID-19) could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our clients and service providers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our clients and those of our respective service providers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In