7) The Restated Financial Statement pertaining to the financial years ended March 31, 2025; March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 have been extracted and compiled by the management from the respective audited financial statements. The financial statements for the above-mentioned financial years have been audited by us. For the purpose of our examination, we have relied on our Auditor's report and the audited financial statements issued by us for the above-mentioned financial years We issued unqualified reports for FY 2024-2025, FY 2023-2024 and FY 2022-2023.

8) In terms of Schedule VI (Part A) (11) (II) (A) (i) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and other provisions relating to accounts of Ashutosh Fibre Limited, we, Shah & Patel, Chartered Accountants, have been subjected to the peer review process of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and our certificate no. 020858 is valid as on date.

9) In accordance with the requirement of Section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules 2014, the SEBI Regulations, the Guidance Note, as amended from time to time and in terms of our engagement agreed with you, we further report that:

a) The **Restated Statement of Assets and Liabilities** for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, examined by us, as set out in **Annexures** to this report, is prepared by the Company and approved by the Board of Directors. These Restated Summary Statement of Assets and Liabilities have been arrived at after making such adjustments and regroupings to the individual financial statements of the Company, as in our opinion were appropriate and more fully described in Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts as set out in **Annexures** to this Report.

b) The **Restated Statement of Profit and Loss** of the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, examined by us, as set out in **Annexures** to this report, is prepared by the Company and approved by the Board of Directors. These Restated Summary Statement of Profit and Loss have been arrived at after making such adjustments and regroupings to the individual financial statements of the Company, as in our opinion were appropriate and more fully described in Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts as set out in **Annexures** to this Report.

c) The **Restated Statement of Cash Flows** of the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, examined by us, as set out in **Annexures** to this report, is prepared by the Company and approved by the Board of Directors. These Restated Summary Statement of Cash Flows have been arrived at after making such adjustments and regroupings to the individual financial statements of the Company, as in our opinion were appropriate and more fully described in Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts as set out in **Annexures** to this Report.