<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Designated Date</td><td>websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively) as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Intermediary(ies)</td><td>The date on which amounts blocked by the SCSBs are transferred from the ASBA Accounts, as the case may be, to the Public Issue Account or the Refund Account, as appropriate, in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, after finalisation of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, following which the Board of Directors may Allot Equity Shares to successful Bidders in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated RTA Locations</td><td>Collectively, SCSBs, Syndicate, sub-Syndicate, Registered Brokers, CDPs and RTAs who are authorised to collect ASBA Forms from the ASBA Bidders, in relation to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated SCSB Branches</td><td>Such locations of the RTAs where bidder can submit the Bid cum Application Forms to RTAs. The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Bid cum Application Forms are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively) as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE").</td></tr><tr><td>DP ID</td><td>Depository Participant's Identity Number</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td><td>This Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated September 29, 2025 issued in accordance with Section 26 and Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 filed with the Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE Emerge") under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Electronic Transfer of Funds</td><td>Refunds through ECS, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible FPI</td><td>FPIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer/ invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Draft Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to the Equity Shares offered thereby</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI</td><td>A non-resident Indian from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Draft Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to the Equity Shares Allotted herein.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible QFI</td><td>QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Draft Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity shares issued thereby and accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary participants.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>'No-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account(s) opened with the Escrow Collection Bank and in whose favour Anchor Investors will transfer the money through direct credit/NEFT/RTGS/NACH in respect of the Bid Amount while submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank</td><td>Bank which is a clearing member and registered with SEBI as a banker to an issue under the BTI Regulations and with whom the Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>First or Sole bidder</td><td>The bidder whose name appears first in the Bid cum Application Form or Revision Form and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, not being less than the face value of Equity Shares, at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalised and below which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Institutional Investors</td><td>Foreign Institutional Investor (as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors Regulations, 1995, as amended) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Portfolio Investors</td><td>Foreign Portfolio Investor as defined under SEBI FPI Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue</td><td>The Fresh Issue of up to 70,00,000 equity shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive Economic Offender</td><td>An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive</td></tr></tbody></table>