<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars of the Issue</td><td>Market Maker Reservation Portion</td><td>QIBs</td><td>Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>Individual Bidders / Investors</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mode of Bid</td><td>Only through the ASBA process. (excluding the UPI Mechanism)</td><td>Only through the ASBA process. (Except for Anchor investors) (excluding the UPI Mechanism)</td><td>Only through the ASBA process (including the UPI Mechanism for a Bid size of upto ₹ 5.00 Lakhs)</td><td>Through ASBA Process via Banks or by using UPI ID for payment</td></tr><tr><td>Who can apply</td><td>Market Maker</td><td>Public financial institutions as specified in Section 2(72) of the Companies Act 2013, scheduled commercial banks, multilateral and bilateral development financial institutions, mutual funds registered with SEBI, FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, VCFs, AIFs, FVCIs, registered with SEBI, state industrial development corporation, insurance company registered with IRDAI, provident fund with minimum corpus of ₹2500 lakhs, pension fund with minimum corpus of ₹2500 lakhs, National Investment Fund set up by the Government of India, insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force of the Union of India, insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India and Systemically Important NBFCs, in accordance with applicable laws including FEMA Rules.</td><td>Resident Indian individuals, Eligible NRIs, HUFs (in the name of Karta), companies, corporate bodies, scientific institutions, societies, family offices, trusts, FPIs who are individuals, corporate bodies and family offices</td><td>Resident Indian individuals, HUFs (in the name of Karta) and Eligible NRIs applying for Equity Shares so that the Bid Amount shall be above two lots, accordingly, the minimum application size shall be above ₹2.00 Lakhs.</td></tr></tbody></table>

This Issue is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.

* Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price Anchor Investor Allocation Price.

* In terms of Rule 19(2) of the SCRR read with Regulation 252 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 this is an Issue for at least 25% of the post issue paid-up Equity share capital of the Company. This Issue is being made through Book Building Process, wherein allocation to the public shall be as per Regulation 252 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

* Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws.

* Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Bid-cum-Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-In Date as indicated in the CAN.

The Bids by FPIs with certain structures as described under "Issue Procedure - Bids by Foreign Portfolio Investors" on page 296 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately