<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Economic Offenders Act, 2018</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document (GID)</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in accordance with the circular no. SEBI / HO / CFD / DIL1 / CIR / P / 2020 / 37 dated March 17, 2020 and the circular no. SEBI / HO / CFD / DIL2 / CIR / P / 2020 / 50 dated March 30, 2020, as amended by SEBI from time to time. The General Information Document shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the BRLM.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>The gross proceeds of the Fresh Issue that will be available to our Company, for further details please refer chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 92.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investors /Individual Bidders</td><td>Minimum application size shall be two lots per application, such that the minimum application size shall be above ₹ 2 lakhs. (including HUFs applying through their Karta) and Eligible NRI.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investor Portion</td><td>The portion of the Net Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors, who apply for minimum application size in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>IPO or Issue or Issue Size/Public Issue</td><td>The initial public issue of up to 70,00,000 Equity Shares for cash at a price of ₹ [●] each, aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs comprising the Fresh Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated September 29, 2025 executed amongst our Company and the BRLM, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed to in relation to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Period</td><td>The periods between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date inclusive of both days and during which prospective Applicants may submit their Bidding application.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Bidders other than Anchor Investors in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus / Red Herring Prospectus. The Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM on the Pricing Date, in accordance with the Book-Building Process and in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus / Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds to be raised by our Company through this Fresh Issue, for further details please refer chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 92.</td></tr><tr><td>Listing Agreement(s)</td><td>The SME Equity Listing Agreement(s) to be signed between our Company and the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Lot Size</td><td>Lot Size for the Issue being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Mandate Request</td><td>Mandate Request means a request initiated on the Individual Investor by sponsor bank to authorize blocking of funds equivalent to the application amount and subsequent debit to funds in case of allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker</td><td>The Market Maker to the Issue, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker Reservation Portion</td><td>The reserved portion of [●] Equity Shares of ₹ 10 each at an Issue price of ₹ [●] each aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs to be subscribed by Market Maker in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Market Making Agreement</td><td>The Market Making Agreement dated [●] between our Company, Book Running Lead Manager and Market Maker.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Funds</td><td>A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue being 5% of the Net QIB Portion consisting of [●] Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>NBFC-SI</td><td>A systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>NCLT</td><td>National Company Law Tribunal</td></tr><tr><td>Net Issue</td><td>The Issue excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion of [●] Equity Shares of Face Value of ₹ [●] each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹ [●] Equity Share aggregating ₹ [●] Lakhs by our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>The proceeds from the Fresh Issue less the Issue related expenses applicable to the Fresh Issue, for further details please refer chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" page 92.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allotted to the Anchor Investors</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Bidders / Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>All Bidders, including FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, registered with the SEBI, that are not QIBs (including Anchor Investors) or Individual Bidders, who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount of more than ₹200,000 (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs)</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue, being not less than 15% of the Net Issue or [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each, which will be made available for allocation to Non - Institutional Bidders of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be available for allocation</td></tr></tbody></table>