These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending the loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing document and may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. As of date, the Company has not faced any instances of non-compliance with the conditions and covenants set forth in its financing agreements. Any future inability to comply with the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary consents required thereunder may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, levy of penal interest, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities and the enforcement of any security provided. If the obligations under any of our financing agreements are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. Defaults, if any, under any of our debt obligations may also trigger cross-defaults under certain of our financing arrangements. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness and/or any credit rating we may hold, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms.

In addition, repayment/prepayment of certain borrowings forms one of the Objects of the Issue, as disclosed in the section titled "Objects of the Issue" on page 92.

Any failure to make timely repayments of principal or interest may adversely affect our creditworthiness and limit our ability to raise additional financing on acceptable terms in the future.

**23. Our financing agreements impose certain restrictions on our operations and our failure to comply with operational and financial covenants may adversely affect our business and financial condition.**

As per the Restated Financial Statements, we have total borrowings (long-term and short-term including current maturity) outstanding amounting to ₹ 5,743.50 lakhs, ₹ 3,486.32 lakhs and ₹ 3,045.12 lakhs for the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively. Some of our financing arrangements impose restrictions on the utilization of the loan for certain specified purposes only, such as for the purposes of meeting specific capital expenditure, working capital use and related activities.

We are required to obtain prior consent from the lender prior to undertaking certain matters including any change in the capital structure, promoter shareholding, promoter directorship resulting in change in management control, opening a new current account with any other bank, change in name or trade name of the Company, effect any dividend payout in case of delay in debt servicing or breach of any financial covenants, change in accounting standards and accounting year, amendments in our Company's constitutional documents and enter into any scheme of merger, amalgamation, compromise or reconstruction or do a buy back. Further, in terms of security, we are typically required to create a charge over our movable fixed assets (present and future) and/ or our immovable properties. Our financing agreements also generally contain certain financial covenants including the requirement to maintain, among others, specified debt-to equity ratios. In addition, lenders under our credit facility could foreclose on and sell our assets if we default under our credit facilities. For further details, see "Financial Indebtedness" beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

If we are unable to comply with the covenants and conditions set forth in our financing agreements, or if we fail to obtain the necessary consents from our lenders, this could result in an event of default under such agreements. This may give our lenders the right to enforce their security, accelerate repayment, or impose additional restrictions on our operations, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, failure to comply with these covenants may restrict our ability to raise further financing, which could limit our growth prospects and operational flexibility.

**24. Few of our Promoter/Directors have provided personal guarantees for loan facilities obtained by our Company and any failure or default by our Company to repay such loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financing documents could trigger repayment obligations on them, which may impact their ability to effectively service their obligations as our Promoters/Directors and thereby, impact our business and operations.**

According to the terms and conditions of Bank sanction letter, our Promoters/Directors have provided personal guarantees to our Company to secure our existing borrowings and may, post listing of our Equity Shares, continue to provide such guarantees and other security. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the guarantees provided by our Promoter and Director may be invoked, which could negatively impact the reputation of our Company. We may face certain impediments in taking decisions in relation to our Company, which in turn would result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, results of operations and prospects and would negatively impact our reputation.

Furthermore, in the event that our Promoters and Directors withdraw or terminate their guarantees, our lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. In addition, our Promoter and Directors may be required to liquidate his shareholding in our Company to settle the claims of the lenders, thereby diluting his shareholding in our Company. We may also not be successful in procuring alternate guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of