<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Refund Bank(s) or Refund Banker(s)</td><td>Bank(s) which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as Bankers to the Issue at which the Refund Accounts will be opened in case listing of the Equity Shares does not occur, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Broker</td><td>The stock brokers registered with the stock exchange(s) having nationwide terminals, other than the members of the Syndicate and eligible to procure Bids in terms of UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated September 18, 2025 entered into between our Company and the Registrar to the Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue pertaining to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar and Share Transfer Agents or RTAs</td><td>Registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Applications at the Designated RTA Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar or Registrar to the Issue</td><td>Registrar to the Issue being KFin Technologies Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Regulations</td><td>Unless the context specifies something else, this means the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation S</td><td>Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Revision Form</td><td>The form used by the Applicant, to modify the quantity of Equity Shares or the Application Amount in any of their Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s). QIB Applicant and Non-Institutional Applicant are not allowed to withdraw or lower their Application Forms (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Application Amount) at any stage. Individual Bidders can revise their Application Forms during the Issue Period and withdraw their Application Forms until Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Securities laws</td><td>Means the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules and regulations made thereunder and the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the Board thereunder and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any previous company law and any subordinate legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Bank(s) / SCSB</td><td>Syndicate A Self Certified Syndicate Bank registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994 and issues the facility of: (a) ASBA, including blocking of bank account. A list of all SCSBs is available at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=34 &amp; https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=35 (b) in relation to ASBA (using the UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=40, or such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. Applications through UPI in the Issue can be made only through the SCSBs mobile applications (apps) whose name appears on the SEBI website. A list of SCSBs and mobile application, which, are live for applying in public issues using UPI Mechanism is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=35, as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Specified Locations</td><td>Collection centres where the SCSBs shall accept application form, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI (https://www.sebi.gov.in/) and updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Specified Securities</td><td>Equity shares offered through this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor Bank</td><td>The Banker to the Issue registered with SEBI and appointed by our Company to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the NPCI in order to push the mandate collect requests and / or payment instructions of the Individual Bidders into the UPI and carry out other responsibilities, in terms of the UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate or members of the Syndicate</td><td>Includes the Book Running Lead Manager and the Syndicate Member(s).</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [●] entered into amongst our Company, the BRLM and the Syndicate Member(s), in relation to the collection of Bids in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate ASBA Bidding Locations</td><td>Bidding Centers where an ASBA Bidder can submit their Bid in terms of SEBI Circular no. CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2011 dated April 29, 2011, namely Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Member(s)/ Members of the Syndicate</td><td>Intermediaries (other than the Book Running Lead Manager) registered with SEBI eligible to act as a syndicate member and who is permitted to carry on the activity as an underwriter, in this case being [●].</td></tr></tbody></table>