<table><tr><td>CIN</td><td>further details, please refer to the Section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Committee(s)</td><td>Corporate Identity Number of our Company i.e. U24299GJ1985PLC007831.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act, 1956</td><td>Duly constituted committee(s) of our Board of Directors, as described in "Our Management - Constitution of Committees" on page 204.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act, 2013 / Companies Act</td><td>The erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 along with the relevant rules made thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>Company Secretary and Compliance Officer</td><td>The Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of our Company being Sonal Bankim Bhansali.</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories Act</td><td>The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>DP/ Depository Participant</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>DIN</td><td>Director Identification Number</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s)/ our Directors</td><td>The Director(s) of our Company, unless otherwise specified. For details of our directors, see "Our Management" on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>Equity Shares of our Company of face value of ₹ 10/- each unless otherwise specified in the context thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shareholders/ Shareholders</td><td>Persons/ Entities holding Equity Shares of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Executive Director(s)</td><td>Executive Director means a Whole Time Director as defined in clause (94) of section 2 of the Act".</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive economic offender</td><td>Shall mean an individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018).</td></tr><tr><td>GIR Number</td><td>General Index Registry Number</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies</td><td>Group Companies as defined under Regulation 2(1)(t) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, Group companies shall include such companies (other than our Promoter and Subsidiary) with which there were related party transactions as disclosed in the Restated Financial Statements as covered under the applicable accounting standards and as disclosed under section titled "Group Companies" beginning on page 223.</td></tr><tr><td>HNI</td><td>High Net worth Individual</td></tr><tr><td>IBC</td><td>The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director</td><td>An Independent Director as defined under Section 2(47) of the Companies Act, 2013 and as defined under the Listing Regulations. For details, see section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Ind AS or Indian Accounting Standards</td><td>Indian Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Indian GAAP</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number. In this case being INE19FR01012.</td></tr><tr><td>IT Act</td><td>The Income Tax Act, 1961 as amended till date.</td></tr><tr><td>JV/ Joint Venture</td><td>A commercial enterprise undertaken jointly by two or more parties which otherwise retain their distinct identities.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Managerial Personnel/ KMP</td><td>Key Managerial Personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI Regulations, Section 2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013. For details, see section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Performance Indicators or KPIs</td><td>Key financial and operational performance indicators of our Company, as included in "Basis for Issue Price" beginning on page 103.</td></tr><tr><td>LLP</td><td>LLP incorporated under the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008.</td></tr><tr><td>Managing Director</td><td>Managing Director of our company, namely Siddharth Prakash Patel. For details refer chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Materiality Resolution</td><td>Resolution of Board of Directors dated September 16, 2025 for identification of group companies, material creditors and material litigation, in accordance with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>MOA/ Memorandum/ Memorandum of Association</td><td>Memorandum of Association of our Company as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The nomination and remuneration committee of our Board constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Executive Director</td><td>The non-executive directors (other than the Independent Directors) of our Company in terms of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder. For details, see section titled "Our Management" on page 197.</td></tr><tr><td>NRIs/ Non-Resident Indians</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA.</td></tr><tr><td>Person or Persons</td><td>Any Individual, Sole Proprietorship, Unincorporated Association, Unincorporated</td></tr></table>