<table><thead><tr><td>Phases</td><td>Circular No.</td><td>Time Period</td><td>Applicability on the current issue</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Phase I</td><td>SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138</td><td>January 1, 2019 to June 30, 2019 or floating of five main board public issues.</td><td>Not applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Phase II</td><td>(SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76) dated June 28, 2019, read with circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85) dated July 26, 2019. (SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133) dated November 8, 2019</td><td>July 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020<br>March 31, 2020 to August 31, 2023.</td><td>Not applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Phase III</td><td>SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140</td><td>(i) <b>Voluntarily</b> from September 01, 2023<br>(ii) <b>Mandatory</b> from December 01, 2023 – till present date</td><td>Applicable<br>In this phase, the time duration from public issue closure to listing has been reduced to three Working Days. The Issue shall be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures as notified in the T+3 Notification as applicable, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time, including any circular, clarification or notification which may be issued by SEBI. Hence, the Issue is being made under Phase III of the UPI (on a mandatory basis)</td></tr></tbody></table>

## BOOK BUILDING PROCEDURE

In terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended (the "SCRR") read with Regulation 252 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018, the Issue is being made for at least 25% of the post-Issue paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. The Issue is being made under Regulation 229(2) of Chapter IX of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 via book building process wherein not more than 50% of the Issue shall be allocated on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company and may, in consultation with the BRLM, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, of which one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to NIBs of which (a) one-third of the Non-Institutional Investor shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than 2 (two) lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹ 10,00,000 and (b) two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Investor shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹10,00,000, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to other sub-category of Non-Institutional Investor and the remaining shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regards in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR Regulations and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investor, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, undersubscription, if any, in any category, except the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spillover from other categories or a combination of categories.

The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialized segment of the Stock Exchanges.

Bidders should note that the Equity Shares will be allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialized form. The Bid cum Application Forms which do not have the details of the Bidders' depository account, including DP ID, Client ID, PAN and

287