draw down such amounts, as may be required, from an overdraft arrangement / cash credit / term loan facility with our lenders or through unsecured loans to finance setting up of facilities as described in the section 'Objects of the Issue' until completion of the Issue. Any amount that is drawn down from such facility availed from any Bank/NBFC or Financial Institution or through unsecured loans during this period to finance 'Objects of the Issue' will be repaid from the Net Proceeds of the Issue.

## Monitoring Utilization of Funds

In accordance with Regulation 262 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company has appointed [•] as the monitoring agency ("Monitoring Agency") to monitor the utilisation of the Net Proceeds. Our Company undertakes to place the Net Proceeds in a separate bank account which shall be monitored by the Monitoring Agency for utilisation of the Net Proceeds. Our Company undertakes to place the report(s) of the Monitoring Agency on receipt before the Audit Committee without any delay and in accordance with the applicable laws. Our Company will disclose the utilisation of the Net Proceeds, including interim use under a separate head in its balance sheet for such financial year/periods as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations and any other applicable laws or regulations, specifying the purposes for which the Net Proceeds have been utilised. Our Company will also, in its balance sheet for the applicable financial year, provide details, if any, in relation to all such Net Proceeds that have not been utilised, if any, of such currently unutilized Net Proceeds.

The reports of the monitoring agency on the utilization of the Net Proceeds shall indicate the deployment of the Net Proceeds under the following heads:

1. Funding capital expenditure requirements towards funding of new equipment and machinery;

2. Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company; and

3. General Corporate Purposes.

Pursuant to Regulation 32(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall, on a quarterly basis, disclose to the Audit Committee the uses and applications of the Net Proceeds. On an annual basis, our Company shall prepare a statement of funds utilised for purposes other than those stated in the Red Herring Prospectus and place it before the Audit Committee and make other disclosures as may be required until such time as the Net Proceeds remain unutilized. Such disclosure shall be made only until such time that all the Net Proceeds have been utilized in full. The statutory auditor of our Company will also provide report/ certificate on the utilization of the Net Proceeds to the monitoring agency.

Furthermore, in accordance with Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall furnish to the Stock Exchanges on a quarterly basis, a statement indicating (i) deviations, if any, in the actual utilization of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue from the Objects; and (ii) details of category wise variations in the actual utilization of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue from the objects of the Fresh Issue as stated above. This information will also be published in newspapers simultaneously with the interim or annual financial results and explanation for such variation (if any) will be included in our directors' report, after placing the same before the Audit Committee.

## Interim Use of Proceeds

The Net Proceeds shall be retained in the Public Issue Account until receipt of the listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges by our Company. Pending utilization of the Net Proceeds of the Issue for the purposes described above, our Company will deposit the Net Proceeds with scheduled commercial banks included in schedule II of the RBI Act.

In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, our Company confirms that it shall not use the Net Proceeds for buying, trading or otherwise dealing in shares of any listed company or for any investment in the equity markets or investing in any real estate product or real estate linked products.

## Variation in Objects

In accordance with Section 13(8) and Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall not vary the Objects of the Issue without our Company being authorized to do so by the Shareholders by way of a Special Resolution. In addition, the notice issued to the Shareholders in relation to the passing of such Special Resolution shall specify the prescribed details as required under the Companies Act, 2013 and shall be published in accordance with the Companies Act and the rules there under. As per the current provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 our Promoters or controlling Shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to such shareholders who do not agree to the proposal, to vary the Objects, at such price and in such manner, as may be prescribed by SEBI, in this regard. See Risk Factors – "Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders' approval" on page 43 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.