UPI ID (for UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism) as applicable, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they may get the Equity Shares rematerialized subsequent to Allotment of the Equity Shares in the issue, subject to applicable laws.

Bidders must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and they are in compliance with the notification issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes dated February 13, 2020 and press release dated June 25, 2021, September 17, 2021 and CBDT circular No. 7 of 2022 dated March 30, 2022 read with press release dated March 28, 2023.

## ISSUE OF SECURITIES IN DEMATERIALISED FORM

In accordance with Regulation 267 (2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall ensure that the minimum application size shall not be less than two (2) lots wherein the minimum application amount shall not be less than ₹2,00,000 (Rupees Two Lakhs) per application.

Pursuant to Section 29 of the Companies Act, the Equity Shares shall be allotted only in dematerialized form. As per SEBI ICDR Regulations, the trading of the Equity Shares shall only be in dematerialised form. In this context, two agreements have been signed by our Company with the respective Depositories and the Registrar to the Issue before filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

* Tripartite agreement among the NSDL, our Company and Registrar to the Issue dated October 18, 2024.

* Tripartite agreement among the CDSL, our Company and Registrar to the Issue dated May 29, 2025.

As per the provisions of the Depositories Act, 1996 & regulations made there under and Section 29 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the equity shares of an issuer shall be in dematerialized form i.e. not in the form of physical certificates, but be fungible and be represented by the statement issued through electronic mode. The trading of the Equity Shares will happen in the minimum contract size of [•] Equity Shares and the same may be modified by the NSE-Emerge from time to time by giving prior notice to investors at large. Allocation and allotment of Equity Shares through this Issue will be done in multiples of [•] Equity Shares subject to a minimum allotment of [•] Equity Shares to the successful Applicants in terms of the SEBI circular No. CIR/MRD/DSA/06/2012 dated February 21, 2012.

## AVAILABILITY OF PROSPECTUS AND APPLICATION FORMS

The Memorandum containing the salient features of the Red Herring Prospectus together with the Application Forms and copies of the Red Herring Prospectus may be obtained from the Registered Office of our Company, from the Registered Office of the Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, Registrar to the Issue as mentioned in the Application form. The application forms may also be downloaded from the website of NSE-Emerge i.e. www.nseindia.com. Applicants shall only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an Application in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. All the applicants shall have to apply only through the ASBA process. ASBA Applicants shall submit an Application Form either in physical or electronic form to the SCSB's authorizing blocking of funds that are available in the bank account specified in the Applicants shall only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an Application in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The Application Form shall contain space for indicating number of specified securities subscribed for in demat form.

## BID CUM APPLICATION FORM

Copies of the Bid cum Application Form (other than for Anchor Investors) and the abridged Draft Red Herring Prospectus will be available at the offices of the BRLM, the Designated Intermediaries at Bidding Centres and Registered Office of our Company. An electronic copy of the Bid cum Application Form will also be available for download on the websites of the stock exchange i.e. NSE-Emerge, at least one day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date.

Copies of the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the offices of the BRLM.

All Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) shall mandatorily participate in the Issue only through the ASBA process. ASBA Applicants shall submit an Application Form either in physical or electronic form to the SCSB's authorizing blocking of funds. ASBA Bidders must provide either (i) the bank account details or authorization to block funds in the ASBA Form, or (ii) the UPI ID, as applicable, in the relevant space provided in the ASBA Form. The ASBA Forms that do not contain such details are liable to be rejected. The Application Form shall contain space for indicating number of specified securities subscribed for in demat form. Applications made by the Individual Investors using third party bank account or using third party linked bank account UPI ID are liable for rejection. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process. ASBA Bidders shall ensure that the Bids are made on ASBA Forms bearing the stamp of the relevant Designated Intermediary, submitted at the relevant Bidding Centres only (except in case of electronic ASBA Forms) and the ASBA Forms not bearing such specified stamp are liable to be rejected. In order to ensure timely information to investors, SCSBs are required to send SMS alerts to investors intimating them about Bid Amounts blocked/unblocked including details as prescribed in Annexure II of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022.