<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company</td><td>Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Registration Slip (TRS)</td><td>The slip or document issued by a member of the Syndicate or an SCSB (only on demand), as the case may be, to the bidders, as proof of registration of the bid.</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. Securities Act</td><td>U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriter</td><td>[●], who has underwritten this Issue pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The Agreement entered into between the Underwriter and our Company dated [●].</td></tr><tr><td>UPI</td><td>Unified payment Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, SEBI RTA Master Circular (to the extent it pertains to UPI), SEBI ICDR Master Circular, along with circular issued by the NSE having reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022 and the circular issued by BSE having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the Individual Bidder by way of a notification on the Mobile App and by way of a SMS directing the Individual Bidder to such Mobile App) to the Individual Bidder initiated by the Sponsor Bank to authorize blocking of funds on the Mobile App equivalent to Bid Amount and Subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mechanism</td><td>The bidding mechanism that may be used by an UPI Bidders to make a Bid in the Issue in accordance with the UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI PIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transactions.</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter</td><td>Wilful defaulter as defined under Regulation 2(1) (III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Days</td><td>In accordance with Regulation 2(1)(mmm) of SEBI ICDR Regulation, working day means all days on which commercial banks in Mumbai as specified in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus are open for business: -<br/>However, in respect of announcement of price band and Issue Period, working day shall mean all days, excluding Saturday, Sundays and Public holidays, on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business.<br/>In respect to the time period between the Issue closing date and the listing of the specified securities on the stock exchange, working day shall mean all trading days of the Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holiday in accordance with circular issued by SEBI.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Key Performance Indicators

<table><thead><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Explanation</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Total Income</td><td>Total Income Generated by the company from revenue from operations and other income</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operation</td><td>Revenue from operations represents the total turnover of the business and helps management track business income and assess Company's overall financial performance and scale.</td></tr><tr><td>Earnings Before Income Tax Depreciation & Amortization (EBITDA)</td><td>EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business and is considered by the management as an important element to monitor business growth in absolute term irrespective of the sales mix.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin (In %)</td><td>EBITDA Margin is an indicator of the operational profitability and financial performance of the business. Tracking EBITDA Margin assists in tracking the margin profile of our business and in understanding areas of our business operations which have scope for improvement.</td></tr><tr><td>Profit After Tax (PAT)</td><td>Profit After Tax for the Year/period provides information regarding the overall profitability of the business</td></tr><tr><td>PAT Margin (in %)</td><td>Profit After Tax Margin is an indicator of the overall profitability and financial performance of the business with reference to the turnover</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Net Worth (RoNW) (in %)</td><td>RoNW provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from shareholders' funds.</td></tr><tr><td>ROCE (in %)</td><td>Return on Capital Employed measures how efficiently our Company generates earnings before finance costs and taxes from the capital employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Debt to Equity</td><td>Debt to Equity ratio compares total liabilities (Debts) to shareholder's equity as an indicator of how much of a company's operations are financed by debt versus owner's investment.</td></tr></tbody></table>

10