<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>to Bidders with a Bid size of more than ₹ 200,000 and up to ₹1,000,000 and two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be available for allocation to Bidders with a Bid size of more than ₹1,000,000, provided that under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Portion in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Non - Resident</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs.</td></tr><tr><td>NPCI</td><td>NPCI, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) initiative, is an umbrella organization for all retail payments in India. It has been set up with the guidance and support of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Indian Banks Association (IBA).</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Document</td><td>Includes Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus filed with Registrar of Companies.</td></tr><tr><td>Overseas Corporate Body/ OCB</td><td>Overseas Corporate Body means and includes an entity defined in clause (xi) of Regulation 2 of the Foreign Exchange Management (Withdrawal of General Permission to Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCB's) Regulations 2003 and which was in existence on the date of the commencement of these Regulations and immediately prior to such commencement was eligible to undertake transactions pursuant to the general permission granted under the Regulations. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Person/Persons</td><td>Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires.</td></tr><tr><td>Price Band</td><td>Price band of a minimum price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (Floor Price) and the maximum price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (Cap Price) including any revisions thereof. The Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and shall be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price.<br>The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot for the Issue to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, which to be published in one English national daily newspaper with wide circulation, Hindi national daily newspaper with wide circulation and one regional language newspaper with wide circulation at the place where the Registered Office of our Company is situated, at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, with the relevant financial ratios calculated at the Floor Price and at the Cap Price and shall be made available to the Stock Exchange(s) for the purpose of uploading on their respective websites.</td></tr><tr><td>Prospectus</td><td>The Prospectus to be filed with the RoC in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue Price that is determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of the Issue and certain other information, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' bank account opened in accordance with Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 with the Bankers to the Issue to receive monies from the SCSBs from the bank account of the ASBA bidder, on the Designated Date.</td></tr><tr><td>QIB Bidders</td><td>QIBs who Bid in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the Net Issue (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50% of the Net Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares aggregating to ₹[●] lakhs which was allotted to QIBs (including Anchor Investors) on a proportionate basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in which allocation on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price or Anchor Investor Issue Price (for Anchor Investors).</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Institutional Buyers or QIBs</td><td>The qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1) (ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Red Herring Prospectus (RHP)</td><td>The Red Herring Prospectus to be issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Issued and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.<br>The Red Herring Prospectus will be filed with the RoC at least three Working Days before the Bid / Issue Opening Date and will become the Prospectus upon filing with the RoC after the Pricing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account opened / to be opened with a SEBI Registered Banker to the Issue from which the refunds of the whole or part of the Application Amount, if any, shall be made.</td></tr></tbody></table>

8