Individual investors submitting application with any of the entities at (ii) to (v) above (hereinafter referred as "Intermediaries") and intending to use UPI, shall also enter their UPI ID in the Bid Cum Application Form.

The aforesaid intermediary shall, at the time of receipt of application, give an acknowledgement to investor, by giving the counter foil or specifying the application number to the investor, as a proof of having accepted the Bid Cum Application Form, in physical or electronic mode, respectively.

The upload of the details in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange will be done by:

<table><tr><td>For Applications submitted by Investors to SCSB</td><td>After accepting the form, SCSB shall capture and upload the relevant details in the electronic bidding system as specified by the stock exchange and may begin blocking funds available in the bank account specified in the form, to the extent of the application money specified.</td></tr><tr><td>For applications submitted by investors to intermediaries other than SCSBs</td><td>After accepting the Bid Cum Application Form, respective Intermediary shall capture and upload the relevant details in the electronic bidding system of the stock exchange. Post uploading, they shall forward a schedule as per prescribed format along with the Bid Cum Application Forms to designated branches of the respective SCSBs for blocking of funds within 1 (one) day of closure of Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>For applications submitted by investors to intermediaries other than SCSBs with use of UPI for payment</td><td>After accepting the Bid Cum Application Form, respective intermediary shall capture and upload the relevant application details, including UPI ID, in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange. Stock exchange shall share application details including the UPI ID with sponsor bank on a continuous basis, to enable sponsor bank to initiate mandate request on investors for blocking of funds. Sponsor bank shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to investor. Investor to accept mandate request for blocking of funds, on his/her mobile application, associated with UPI ID linked bank account.</td></tr></table>

Stock exchange shall validate the electronic bid details with depository's records for DP ID/Client ID and PAN, on a real-time basis and bring the inconsistencies to the notice of intermediaries concerned, for rectification and re-submission within the time specified by stock exchange.

Stock exchange shall allow modification of selected fields viz. DP ID/Client ID or Pan ID (Either DP ID/Client ID or Pan ID can be modified but not BOTH), Bank code and Location code, in the bid details already uploaded.

Upon completion and submission of the Bid Cum Application Form to Application Collecting intermediaries, the Bidders are deemed to have authorized our Company to make the necessary changes in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, without prior or subsequent notice of such changes to the Bidders.

For Individual Bidders using UPI Mechanism, the Stock Exchange shall share the Bid details (including UPI ID) with the Sponsor Bank on a continuous basis to enable the Sponsor Bank to initiate UPI Mandate Request to Individual Bidders for blocking of funds. The Sponsor Bank shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to Individual Bidders, who shall accept the UPI Mandate Request for blocking of funds on their respective mobile applications associated with UPI ID linked bank account. For all pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Bank shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 12:00 pm on the first Working Day after the Bid Closing Date ("Cut-Off Time"). Accordingly, Individual Bidders should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking of funds prior to the Cut-Off Time and all pending UPI Mandate Requests at the Cut-Off Time shall lapse. The NPCI shall maintain an audit trail for every bid entered in the Stock Exchange bidding platform and the liability to compensate Individual Bidders (using the UPI Mechanism) in case of failed transactions shall be with the concerned entity (i.e. the Sponsor Bank, NPCI or the bankers to an Issue) at whose end the lifecycle of the transaction has come to a halt. The NPCI shall share the audit trail of all disputed transactions/ investor complaints to the Sponsor Banks and the bankers to an Issue. The BRLM shall also be required to obtain the audit trail from the Sponsor Banks and the Bankers to the Issue for analysing the same and fixing liability. For ensuring timely information to investors, SCSBs shall send SMS alerts for mandate block and unblock including details specified in SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and the SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 and SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022 any other circulars issued by SEBI or any other governmental authority in relation thereto from time to time.

WHO CAN BID

Each Bidder should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and policies. Furthermore, certain categories of Bidders, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to apply in the Issue or to hold Equity Shares, in excess of certain limits specified under applicable law. Bidders are requested to refer to the RHP for more details.

Subject to the above, an illustrative list of Bidders is as follows: