policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues and as such decrease our operating margin.

**70. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business and financial performance.**

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Please refer to **"Key Industrial Regulations and Policies"** on page 176 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus for details of the laws currently applicable to us.

There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government of India and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. Our Company will comply with relevant regulations as and when applicable. However, any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment to, or change to governing laws, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities.

GST has been implemented with effect from July 1, 2017 and has replaced the indirect taxes on goods and services such as central excise duty, service tax, central sales tax, state VAT and surcharge being collected by the central and state governments. The GST has led to increase tax incidence and administrative compliance. Any future amendments may affect our overall tax efficiency and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable.

Further, the general anti avoidance rules ("GAAR") provisions have been made effective from assessment year 2018-19 onwards, i.e., financial Year 2017-18 onwards and the same may get triggered once transactions are undertaken to avoid tax. The consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain.

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties. Further, changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or sale of shares could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

**71. Our growth and profitability depend on the level of consumer confidence and spending in India.**

Our growth and profitability are significantly influenced by the level of consumer confidence and spending, in India. Consumer confidence directly affects purchasing behavior and any downturn in economic conditions or reduced consumer spending can impact our sales and revenue.

The Indian market is pivotal to our business. Fluctuations in consumer confidence, driven by economic conditions, employment rates, or political factors, can affect discretionary spending on fashion and apparel. A decline in consumer confidence may lead to reduced spending on non-essential items, impacting on our sales volumes and profitability.

**72. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition.**

Inflation is typically impacted by factors such as governmental policies, regulations, commodity prices, liquidity and global economic environment. Any change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect the inflation rates. Continued high rates of inflation may increase our costs such as salaries, travel costs and related allowances, which are typically linked to general price levels. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pass on any additional costs to our clients or that our revenue will increase proportionately corresponding to such inflation. Accordingly, high rates of inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and, if significant, on our financial condition.

**73. Any downgrading of India's debt rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing.**

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our capital expenditure plans, business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares.