# SECTION IV – INTRODUCTION

## THE ISSUE

Present Issue in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="2">PRESENT ISSUE IN TERMS OF THIS DRAFT RED HERRING PROSPECTUS</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Equity Shares Issued through Public Issue<sup>(1)(2)*</sup></td><td>Issue of upto 70,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Out of which:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Issue Reserved for the Market Makers</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Issue to the Public</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Out of which*</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A. QIB Portion<sup>(3)(4)(5)(6)</sup></td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Of which</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>i) Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>ii) Net QIB Portion (assuming Anchor Investor Portion is fully subscribed)</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Of which</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(a) Available for allocation to Mutual Funds only (5% of the Net QIB Portion)</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>(b) Balance of QIB Portion for all QIBs including Mutual Funds</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>B. Non-Institutional Portion</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Of which:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>One third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and upto such lots equivalent to not more than ₹ 10 lakhs</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares having face value of ₹10/- each at an Issue Price of ₹[●] per Equity Share aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Two Third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹ 10 lakhs</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares having face value of ₹10/- each at an Issue Price of ₹[●] per Equity Share aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>C. Individual Investor Portion</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Pre and Post – Issue Equity Shares:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares outstanding prior to the Issue</td><td>1,57,50,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares outstanding after the Issue</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10 each.</td></tr><tr><td>Use of Net Proceeds by our Company</td><td>Please see the chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" on page 92.</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Subject to finalisation of the Basis of Allotment, Number of Equity shares may need to be adjusted for lot size upon determination of the Issue Price.

### Notes:

1) Public issue of upto 70,00,000 Equity Shares face value of ₹ 10 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share of our Company aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs. The Issue is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time. This Issue is being made by our company in terms of Regulation of 229(2) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations read with Rule 19(2)(b)(i) of SCRR wherein not less than 25% of the post – issue paid up equity share capital of our company are being offered to the public for subscription.

2) The Issue has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held on September 16, 2025 and by the Shareholder of our Company, vide a special resolution passed pursuant to Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on September 17, 2025.

57