cannot be submitted for over 60% of the QIB Portion. In case of a Mutual Fund, separate Bids by individual schemes of a Mutual Fund will be aggregated to determine the minimum application size of ₹ 200.00 lakhs
3) One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion will be reserved for allocation to domestic Mutual Funds.
4) Bidding for Anchor Investors will open one Working Day before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and be completed on the same day.
5) Our Company in consultation with the BRLM, will finalize allocation to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis, provided that the minimum and maximum number of Allottees in the Anchor Investor Portion will be, as mentioned below:
    a) where allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion is up to ₹ 200.00 Lakhs, maximum of 2 (two) Anchor Investors.
    b) where the allocation under the Anchor Investor Portion is more than ₹ 200.00 Lakhs but upto ₹ 2500.00 Lakhs, minimum of 2 (two) and maximum of 15 (fifteen) Anchor Investors, subject to a minimum Allotment of ₹ 100.00 Lakhs per Anchor Investor; and
    c) where the allocation under the Anchor Investor portion is more than ₹ 2500.00 Lakhs:(i) minimum of 5 (five) and maximum of 15 (fifteen) Anchor Investors for allocation upto ₹ 2500.00 Lakhs; and (ii) an additional 10 Anchor Investors for every additional allocation of ₹ 2500.00 Lakhs or part thereof in the Anchor Investor Portion; subject to a minimum Allotment of ₹ 100.00 Lakhs per Anchor Investor
6) Allocation to Anchor Investors will be completed on the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period. The number of Equity Shares allocated to Anchor Investors and the price at which the allocation is made will be made available in the public domain by the BRLM before the Bid/Issue Opening Date, through intimation to the Stock Exchange.
7) Anchor Investors cannot withdraw or lower the size of their Bids at any stage after submission of the Bid.
8) If the Issue Price is greater than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, the additional amount being the difference between the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Allocation Price will be payable by the Anchor Investors within 2 (two) Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. If the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, Allotment to successful Anchor Investors will be at the higher price, i.e., the Anchor Investor Issue Price.
9) At the end of each day of the bidding period, the demand including allocation made to anchor investors, shall be shown graphically on the bidding terminals of syndicate members and website of stock exchange offering electronically linked transparent bidding facility, for information of public.
10) 50% of the Equity Shares Allotted to Anchor Investors in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked in for a period of 90 days from the date of Allotment, while the remaining 50% of the Equity Shares Allotted to Anchor Investors in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked in for a period of 30 days from the date of Allotment.
11) The BRLM, our Promoters, Promoter Group or any person related to them (except for Mutual Funds sponsored by entities related to the BRLM) will not participate in the Anchor Investor Portion. The parameters for selection of Anchor Investors will be clearly identified by the BRLM and made available as part of the records of the BRLM for inspection by SEBI.
12) Bids made by QIBs under both the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Portion will not be considered multiple Bids.
13) Anchor Investors are not permitted to Bid in the Issue through the ASBA process.

## BIDS BY ELIGIBLE NRI'S

Eligible NRIs could obtain copies of ASBA Form from the offices of the Designated Intermediaries. Only Bids accompanied by payment in Indian Rupees or freely convertible foreign exchange were considered for Allotment. Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis were required to authorise their SCSBs or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders) to block their NRE Accounts, or Foreign Currency Non-Resident ("FCNR") accounts and Eligible NRIs Bidding on a non-repatriation basis were required to authorise their SCSBs or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders) to block their NRO Accounts for the full Bid amount, at the time of submission of the ASBA Form. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI Mechanism were advised to enquire with the relevant bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to submitting a Bid cum Application Form.

Participation of Eligible NRI(s) in the Issue was subjected to the FEMA Rules. In accordance with the FEMA Rules, the total holding by any individual NRI, on a repatriation basis, shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrant. Provided that the aggregate ceiling of 10% may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the general body of the Indian company.

Eligible NRIs were permitted to apply in the Issue through Channel I or Channel II (as specified in the SEBI UPI Circulars). Further, subject to applicable law, Eligible NRIs could use Channel IV (as specified in the SEBI UPI Circulars) to apply in the Issue, provided the UPI facility is enabled for their NRE / NRO Accounts.

Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis were advised to use the Bid cum Application Form meant for Non-Residents (Blue in colour).

Eligible NRIs Bidding on non-repatriation basis were advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for residents (White in colour).