<table><thead><tr><td>Lender</td><td>Date of Sanction</td><td>Nature of Borrowing</td><td>Sanctioned amount (₹ lakh)</td><td>Amount outstanding as of August 31, 2025 (₹ lakh)</td><td>Purpose of the loans</td><td>Tenor</td><td>Rate of Interest per annum</td><td>Pre-payment conditions/penalty</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>D08LNMX250171001)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. Working Capital Limit (Pre Shipment / Post Shipment / Cash Creditit)</td><td>17-01-2025</td><td>Working Capital Loan</td><td>2,000.00</td><td>656.84</td><td>Working Capital utilisation</td><td>-</td><td>6.78 to 10.75 %</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CITI BANK N.A. (T.L.A/c. D08LCRR202740001)</td><td>30-09-2020</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>140.00</td><td>7.78</td><td>Term Loan for Capital Expenditure</td><td>5 Years</td><td>10.66%</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

As per the Certificate on the utilisation of loan for the purpose availed as at August 31, 2025, issued by our Statutory Auditors, M/s Shah & Patel, Chartered Accountants dated September 29, 2025.

The selection of borrowings proposed to be prepaid or repaid amongst our borrowing arrangements availed is based on various factors, including (i) commercial considerations including, among others, the amount of the loan outstanding, rate of interest and the remaining tenor of the loan, (ii) any conditions attached to the borrowings restricting our ability to prepay/ repay the borrowings and time taken to fulfil, or obtain waivers for fulfilment of such conditions, (iii) cost of the borrowing, including applicable interest rates (iii) receipt of consents for prepayment from the respective lenders and terms and conditions of such consents and waivers and (v) levy of any prepayment penalties/premium and the quantum thereof and other related costs and (vii) nature and/or repayment schedule of borrowings. We will approach the relevant lenders after completion of this Issue for repayment/prepayment of the borrowings.

For details in relation to the terms and conditions under the aforesaid loan agreements as well as restrictive covenants in relation thereto, see "Financial Indebtedness" on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

### 3. General Corporate Purpose

Our Company intends to deploy the balance Net Proceeds towards general corporate purposes, subject to such utilization not exceeding 15% of the Gross Proceeds or ₹ 1,000.00 Lakhs, whichever is lower, in accordance with Regulation 230(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, to drive our business growth, including, amongst other things, (i) funding growth opportunities, including strategic initiatives; (ii) meeting any expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business by the Company; (iii) servicing of borrowings including payment of interest; (iv) brand building and other marketing expenses; (v) meeting of exigencies which our Company may face in the course of any business; and (vi) any other purpose as permitted by applicable laws and as approved by our Board or a duly appointed committee thereof.

We confirm that any Issue related expenses shall not be considered as a part of General Corporate Purpose. Further in case, our actual Issue expenses turn to be lesser than the estimated issue expenses of ₹ [●] lakhs, such surplus amount shall be utilized for General Corporate Purpose in such a manner that the amount for general corporate purposes, as mentioned in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, shall not exceed 15% of the Gross Proceeds or ₹ 1,000.00 lakhs, whichever is lower.

The allocation or quantum of utilisation of funds towards each of the above purposes will be determined by our Board, based on the business requirements of our Company and other relevant considerations, from time to time. Our management, in accordance with the policies of the Board shall have flexibility in utilising surplus amounts, if any. In addition to the above, our Company may utilize the balance Net Proceeds towards any other expenditure considered expedient and as approved periodically by our Board or a duly appointed committee thereof, subject to compliance with applicable law. Our management will subject to and in accordance with applicable law have the discretion to revise our business plan from time to time and consequently our funding requirement and deployment of funds may change. This may also include rescheduling the proposed utilization of Net Proceeds.

### Public Issue Expenses

The total expenses for this Issue are estimated to be approximately ₹ [●] Lakhs, which is [●] % of the Issue Size. All the Issue related expenses shall be met out of proceeds of the Issue as per applicable laws. The break-up of the same is as follows: