a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares.

There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet all new regulatory requirements effectively. Non-compliance with updated statutes or regulations could lead to delays in obtaining approvals. Additionally, failure to adhere to the conditions attached to approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions could result in regulatory bodies suspending, curtailing, or revoking our ability to market those products.

**41. The Issue Price, market capitalization to total income multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Issue Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter.**

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process. The market price of the Equity Shares, market capitalization to total income multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Issue Price may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment.

**42. Our lenders have charge over our movable and immovable properties in respect of finance availed by us.**

We have secured outstanding debt of ₹ 3,651.53 lakhs as on March 31, 2025 and we have secured our lenders by creating charge over our movable and immovable properties. In the event we default in repayment of the loans availed by us and any interest thereof, our properties may be forfeited by lenders. For further information on the financing and loan agreements along with the total amounts outstanding, please refer to section titled “Restated Financial Statements” on page 228.

**43. There is an excessive dependence on a few lenders in respect of loan facilities obtained by our Company.**

There is an excessive dependence on Citibank and Mercedes-Benz Finance Pvt. Ltd in respect of loan facilities obtained by our Company. Our Company has been sanctioned credit facilities by lenders and our Company is dependent on such facility for meeting its working capital requirements and other funding requirements. Any default under such arrangement with such lender may create problems for operation of our Company, which may affect the financial stability of our Company. At the same time this may result into difficulty in arranging for funds for re-payment and may also adversely affect the financial position of our Company. For further details regarding loans availed by our Company, please refer “Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 231.

**44. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage or accurately report our financial risk.**

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively prevent and detect any frauds or misuse of funds. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may decline over time. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. If internal control weaknesses are identified in a delayed manner, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such internal control weakness. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition.

**45. The weighted average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by our Promoters could be lower than the Issue Price.**

Our Promoters' average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company may be lower than the Issue Price as may be decided by the Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager. The details of the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by our Promoters, as at the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is set out below:

<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Name</th><th>Number of Equity Shares</th><th>Weighted Average cost of acquisition per equity shares (in ₹)*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="4"><strong>Promoters</strong></td></tr><tr><td>1.</td><td>Siddharth Prakash Patel</td><td>12,71,700</td><td>0.72</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Abhishek Rajendrakumar Agarwal</td><td>23,40,000</td><td>2.06</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Prahash Fin-stock Private Limited</td><td>27,45,900</td><td>1.59</td></tr></tbody></table>