<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis, in consultation with the BRLM, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations out of which one-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Applicant</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes an application for Equity Shares in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Form</td><td>The Form in terms of which the applicant shall apply for the Equity Shares of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA or Application Supported by Blocked Amount</td><td>An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to make a Bid and authorizing an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the specified bank account maintained with such SCSB and will include amounts blocked by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Account</td><td>An account maintained with the SCSB and specified in the application form submitted by ASBA applicant for blocking the amount mentioned in the application form.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bid</td><td>A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bidder(s)</td><td>Al Bidder(s) except Anchor Investors</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Form(s)</td><td>An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment</td><td>The basis on which equity shares will be allotted to successful applicants under the Issue and which is described in paragraph titled 'Basis of allotment' under chapter titled "Issue Procedure" starting from page 284.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid(s)</td><td>An indication to make an Issue during the Bid/Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date by an Anchor Investor, pursuant to the submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto, to the extent permissible under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form. The term 'Bidding' shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Amount</td><td>The amount at which the bidder makes a bid for the Equity Shares of our Company in terms of Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid cum Application Form</td><td>The form in terms of which the bidder shall make a bid, including ASBA Form and which shall be considered as the bid for the Allotment pursuant to the terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidder</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied, includes an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding Centres</td><td>Centres at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the Bid cum Application Forms i.e. Designated SCSB Branch for SCSBs, Specified Locations for members of the Syndicate, Broker Centres for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/Issue Closing Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Designated Intermediaries shall not accept any Bids, which is to be published in one English national daily newspaper with wide circulation, Hindi national daily newspaper with wide circulation and one regional language newspaper with wide circulation at the place where the Registered Office of our Company is situated.<br>Our Company in consultation with the BRLM, may, consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.<br>In case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue Closing Date shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges and also be notified on the websites of the BRLM and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members, if any and communicated to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank, which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same newspapers in which the Bid/ Issue Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/Issue Opening Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids, which shall be published in one English national daily newspaper with wide circulation, Hindi national daily newspaper with wide circulation and one regional language newspaper with wide circulation at the place where the Registered Office of our Company is situated</td></tr></tbody></table>

4