In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22, dated February 15, 2018, SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2021 and SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 subject to applicable law, any ASBA Applicant whose Application has not been considered for Allotment, due to failure on the part of any SCSB, shall have the option to seek redressal of the same by the concerned SCSB within three months of the date of listing of the Equity Shares. SCSBs are required to resolve these complaints within 15 days, failing which the concerned SCSB would have to pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum for a delay beyond this period of 15 days. Further, the investors must be compensated by the SCSBs at the rate higher of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the application amount in the event of delayed or withdrawal of applications, blocking of multiple amounts for the same UPI application, blocking of more amount than the application amount, delayed unblocking of amounts for the stipulated period. In an event there is a delay in redressal of the investor grievance, the Book Running Lead Manager will compensate the investors at the rate higher of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the application amount.

All grievances relating to the issue may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, giving full details such as name, address of the applicant, Bid application number, number of Equity Shares Bid for, amount paid on Bid application and the bank branch or collection center where the application was submitted.

All grievances relating to the ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue with a copy to the relevant SCSB or the member of the Syndicate (in Specified Cities) or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, where the Application Form was submitted by the ASBA Bidder or through UPI Mechanism, giving full details such as name, address of the Bidder, Bid application number, UPI Id, number of Equity Shares applied for, amount blocked on application and designated branch or the collection center of the SCSBs or the member of the Syndicate (in Specified Cities), as the case may be, where the Application Form was submitted by the ASBA Bidder or Sponsor Bank.

For helpline details of the Book Running Lead Manager pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, see "General Information" on page 62 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Further, the Applicant must also enclose a copy of the Acknowledgment Slip duly received from the concerned Designated Intermediary in addition to the information mentioned hereinabove.

Anchor Investors are required to address all grievances in relation to the Issue to the Book Running Lead Manager.

The Registrar to the Issue will obtain the required information from the SCSBs and Sponsor Bank for addressing any clarifications or grievances of ASBA Applicant. Our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager and the Registrar to the Issue accept no responsibility for errors, omissions, commission or any acts of SCSBs including any defaults in complying with its obligations under SEBI ICDR Regulations. Investors can contact our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or the Registrar to the Issue in case of any pre-Issue or Post-Issue related problems such as non-receipt of letters of Allotment, non-credit of allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund intimations and non-receipt of funds by electronic mode.

Our Company will obtain authentication on the SCORES and will comply with the SEBI circular no. CIR/OIAE/1/2013 dated April 17, 2013, SEBI circular no. (CIR/OIAE/1/2014/ CIR/OIAE/1/2013) dated December 18, 2014 and SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/2021/642) dated October 14, 2021, in relation to redressal of investor grievances through SCORES. This would enable investors to lodge and follow up their complaints and track the status of redressal of such complaints from anywhere. For more details, investors are requested to visit the website www.scores.gov.in

Our Company has not received any complaints as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

## DISPOSAL OF INVESTOR GRIEVANCES BY OUR COMPANY

Our Company estimates that the average time required by our Company or the Registrar to the Issue or the SCSB (in case of ASBA Bidders) or Sponsor Bank (in case of UPI Mechanism) or for redressal of routine investor grievances including through SEBI Complaint Redress System (SCORES) shall be 10 Working Days from the date of receipt of the complaint. In case of non-routine complaints and complaints where external agencies are involved, our Company will seek to redress these complaints as expeditiously as possible.

Our Company has constituted the Stakeholders Relationship Committee as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Name of Director</td><td>Designation</td><td>Nature of Directorship</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Jayshree Vikram Patel</td><td>Chairman</td><td>Independent Director</td></tr><tr><td>Siddharth Prakash Patel</td><td>Member</td><td>Managing Director</td></tr><tr><td>Abhishek Rajendrakumar Agarwal</td><td>Member</td><td>Whole-time Director</td></tr></tbody></table>