RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991 of the Government of India and Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 ("FEMA"). While the Industrial Policy, 1991 prescribes the limits and the conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be made. Under the Industrial Policy, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The government bodies responsible for granting foreign investment approvals are the Reserve Bank of India ("RBI") and Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India ("DIPP").

The Government of India has from time to time made policy pronouncements on FDI through press notes and press releases. The DPIIT issued the Consolidated Foreign Direct Investment Policy notified by the DPIIT File No. 5(2)/2020-FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020, with effect from October 15, 2020 (the "FDI Policy"), which consolidates and supersedes all previous press notes, press releases and clarifications on FDI issued by the DPIIT or the DPIIT that were in force and effect prior to October 15, 2020. The Government of India proposes to update the consolidated circular on FDI Policy once every year and therefore, the FDI Policy will be valid until the DPIIT issues an updated circular.

In terms of the FEMA NDI Rules, a person resident outside India may make investments into India, subject to certain terms and conditions and provided that an entity of a country, which shares land border with India or the beneficial owner of an investment into India who is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall invest only with government approval.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a non-resident does not require the prior approval of the RBI, provided that (i) the activities of the investee company are under the automatic route under the foreign direct investment policy and transfer does not attract the provisions of the Takeover Regulations; (ii) the non-resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the FDI policy; and (iii) the pricing is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the SEBI / RBI.

Up to 100% foreign investment under the automatic route is currently permitted in our Industry.

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country ("Restricted Investors"), will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, Government of India has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such bank of fund in India. Each Bidder should seek independent legal advice about its ability to participate in the Issue. In the event such prior approval of the Government of India is required and such approval has been obtained, the Bidder shall intimate our Company and the Registrar to the Issue in writing about such approval along with a copy thereof within the Issue Period.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in this Issue and in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines etc. as amended by Reserve bank of India, from time to time. Investors are advised to confirm their eligibility under the relevant laws before investing and / or subsequent purchase or sale transaction in the Equity Shares of our Company. Investors will not Issue, sell, pledge or transfer the Equity Shares of our Company to any person who is not eligible under applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines. Our Company, the Underwriters and their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives, as applicable, accept no responsibility or liability for advising any investor on whether such investor is eligible to acquire Equity Shares of our Company.

Investment conditions/restrictions for overseas entities

Under the current FDI Policy 2020, the maximum amount of Investment (sectoral cap) by foreign investor in an issuing entity is composite unless it is explicitly provided otherwise including all types of foreign investments, direct and indirect, regardless of whether it has been made for FDI, FPI, NRI/OCI, LLPs, FVCI, Investment Vehicles and DRs under Foreign Exchange Management. (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019. Any equity holding by a person resident outside India resulting from conversion of any debt instrument under any arrangement shall be reckoned as foreign investment under the composite cap.

Portfolio Investment upto aggregate foreign investment level of 49% or sectoral/statutory cap, whichever is lower, will not be subject to either Government approval or compliance of sectoral conditions, if such investment does not result in transfer of ownership and/or control of Indian entities from resident Indian citizens to non-resident entities. Other foreign investments will