The bid must be for a minimum of such number of Equity Shares that the bid Amount does not exceed ₹ 10,00,000 and bid size of more than 2 lots and in multiples of [•] Equity Shares thereafter. A bid cannot be submitted for more than the Net Issue Size. However, the maximum bid by a QIB investor should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them by applicable laws. Under existing SEBI Regulations, Non-Institutional Investors and QIBs cannot withdraw their bids and are required to pay 100% Margin upon submission of bid. In case of revision in Bids, the Non-Institutional Investors and QIBs have to ensure that they cannot revise their Bids downwards.

In case of upward revision in bids, the Non-Institutional Applicants, who are individuals, have to ensure that the bid Amount is more than ₹ 2,00,000 with more than 2 lots for being considered for allocation in the Non-Institutional Portion.

**Bidders were advised to ensure that any single Application from them does not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or regulation or as specified in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.**

The above information is given for the benefit of the Bidders. The Company and the BRLM are not liable for any amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that the number of Equity Shares applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under laws or regulations.

## METHOD OF BIDDING PROCESS

The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager ("BRLM") and be published in one English national daily newspaper with wide circulation, Hindi national daily newspaper with wide circulation and one regional language newspaper with wide circulation at the place where the Registered Office of our Company is situated at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date. The BRLM and the SCSBs shall accept Bids from the Bidders during the Bid/ Issue Period.

a) The Bid/Issue Period shall be for a minimum of three Working Days and shall not exceed 10 Working Days. The Bid/Issue Period may be extended, if required, by an additional three Working Days, subject to the total Bid/Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band and the revised Bid/Issue Period, if applicable, will be published in one English national daily newspaper with wide circulation, Hindi national daily newspaper with wide circulation and one regional language newspaper with wide circulation at the place where the Registered Office of our Company is situated and also by indicating the change on the websites of the Book Running Lead Manager.

b) During the Bid/ Issue Period, Individual Bidders, should approach the BRLM or their authorized agents to register their Bids. The BRLM shall accept Bids from Anchor Investors and ASBA Bidders in Specified Cities and it shall have the right to vet the Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period in accordance with the terms of the Red Herring/ Draft Red Herring Prospectus. ASBA Bidders should approach the Designated Branches or the BRLM (for the Bids to be submitted in the Specified Cities) to register their Bids.

c) Each Bid cum Application Form will give the Bidder the choice to Bid for up to three optional prices (for details refer to the paragraph titled "Bids at Different Price Levels and Revision of Bids" below) within the Price Band and specify the demand (i.e., the number of Equity Shares Bid for) in each option. The price and demand options submitted by the Bidder in the Bid cum Application Form will be treated as optional demands from the Bidder and will not be cumulated. After determination of the Issue Price, the maximum number of Equity Shares Bid for by a Bidder/Applicant at or above the Issue Price will be considered for allocation/Allotment and the rest of the Bid(s), irrespective of the Bid Amount, will become automatically invalid.

d) The Bidder/ Applicant cannot Bid through another Bid cum Application Form after Bids through one Bid cum Application Form have been submitted to a BRLM or the SCSBs. Submission of a second Bid cum Application Form to either the same or to another BRLM or SCSB will be treated as multiple Bid and is liable to be rejected either before entering the Bid into the electronic bidding system, or at any point of time prior to the allocation or Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue. However, the Bidder can revise the Bid through the Revision Form, the procedure for which is detailed under the paragraph "Buildup of the Book and Revision of Bids".

e) Except in relation to the Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the BRLM/the SCSBs will enter each Bid option into the electronic bidding system as a separate Bid and generate a Transaction Registration Slip, ("TRS"), for each price and demand option and give the same to the Bidder. Therefore, a Bidder can receive up to three TRSs for each Bid cum Application Form.

f) The BRLM shall accept the Bids from the Anchor Investors during the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period i.e. one working day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date. Bids by QIBs under the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Portion shall not be considered as multiple Bids.