IEC number attracts a penalty of not less than ₹10,000 and not more than five times the value of the goods or services or technology in respect of which any contravention is made or is attempted to be made, whichever is made. The IEC shall be valid until it is cancelled by the issuing authority.

## GENERAL STATUTORY LEGISLATIONS

### COMPANIES ACT, 2013 ("COMPANIES ACT")

The Companies Act, 2013, has replaced the Companies Act, 1956 in a phased manner. The Act received the assent of President of India on 29th August 2013. The Companies Act deals with incorporation of companies and the procedure for incorporation and post incorporation. The conversion of private company into public company and vice versa is also laid down under the Companies Act, 2013. The procedure related to appointment of Directors. The procedure relating to winding up, voluntary winding up, appointment of liquidator also forms part of the Act. Further, Schedule V (read with sections 196 and 197), Part I lays down the conditions to be fulfilled for the appointment of a managing or whole-time director or manager. It provides the list of Acts under which if a person is prosecuted, he cannot be appointed as the director or Managing Director or Manager of a Company. The provisions relating to remuneration of the director's payable by the companies is under Part II of the said schedule.

### COMPETITION ACT, 2002

The Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominant positions by enterprises and regulates combinations in India. The Competition Act also established the Competition Commission of India (the —CCI) as the authority mandated to implement the Competition Act. The provisions of the Competition Act relating to combinations were notified recently on March 4, 2011 and came into effect on June 1, 2011. Combinations which are Likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in a relevant market in India are void under the Competition Act. A combination is defined under Section 5 of the Competition Act as an acquisition, merger or amalgamation of enterprise(s) that meets certain asset or turnover thresholds. There are also different thresholds for those categorized as Individuals and Group. The CCI may enquire into all combinations, even if taking place outside India, or between parties outside India, if such combination is Likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Effective June 1, 2011, all combinations have to be notified to the CCI within 30 days of the execution of any agreement or other document for any acquisition of assets, shares, voting rights or control of an enterprise under Section 5(a) and (b) of the Competition Act (including any binding document conveying an agreement or decision to acquire control, shares, voting rights or assets of an enterprise); or the board of directors of a company (or an equivalent authority in case of other entities approving a proposal for a merger or amalgamation under Section 5(c) of the Competition Act. The obligation to notify a combination to the CCI falls upon the acquirer in case of an acquisition and on all parties to the combination jointly in case of a merger or amalgamation. Further, the Competition (Amendment) Act, 2023, which came into effect in September 2024, marks a major overhaul of India's competition law framework. One of its most significant changes is the introduction of a deal value threshold, requiring Competition Commission of India (CCI) approval for transactions of acquisition exceeding ₹2,000 crore if the target has substantial business operations in India.

### INDIAN CONTRACT ACT, 1872

The Contract Act is the legislation which lays down the general principles relating to formation, performance and enforceability of contracts. The rights and duties of parties and the specific terms of agreement are decided by the contracting parties themselves, under the general principles set forth in the Contract Act. The Contract Act also provides for circumstances under which contracts will be considered as 'void' or 'voidable'. The Contract Act contains provisions governing certain special contracts, including indemnity, guarantee, bailment, pledge and agency.

### SPECIFIC RELIEF ACT, 1963

The Specific Relief Act, 1963 is complimentary to the provisions of the Contract Act and the Transfer of Property Act, as the Act applies both to movable property and immovable property. The Act applies in cases where the Court can order specific performance of a contract. Specific relief can be granted only for purpose of enforcing individual civil rights and not for the mere purpose of enforcing a civil law. Specific performance means Court will order the party to perform his part of agreement, instead of imposing on him any monetary liability to pay damages to other party.

### THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC), 2016, was enacted by the Indian government to consolidate and amend the laws relating to insolvency and bankruptcy of companies, partnerships and individuals. The primary objective of the IBC is to provide a time-bound resolution process for insolvency, thereby maximizing the value of the debtor's assets and promoting entrepreneurship. The Code introduces a streamlined institutional framework, including the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI), insolvency professionals, information utilities and adjudicatory authorities like the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) and its appellate body, the NCLAT. The IBC outlines a two-step process for corporate insolvency: the Insolvency Resolution Process, which involves the active participation of creditors in assessing the viability of the debtor's