3) The SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read with SEBI ICDR (Amendment) Regulations, 2025, permit the issue of securities to the public through the Book Building Process, which states that, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Individual Bidders and not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted on a proportionate basis to QIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Accordingly, we have allocated the Net Issue i.e., not more than 50% of the Net Issue to QIB and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors and not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to non-institutional bidders. Further, (a) 1/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for Bidders with application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10.00 lakhs and (b) 2/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for Bidders with application size of more than ₹10.00 lakhs. Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (a) or (b), could be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of NIBs. The allocation to each NIB shall not be less than the minimum NIB Application Size, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, was available for allocation on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted to QIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

4) In the event of over-subscription, allotment shall be made on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price. Allocation to investors in all categories, except the Individual Investor Portion, shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid bids received at or above the Issue Price. The allocation to each Individual Investor shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot and subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Individual Investor Portion, the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis.

5) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws.

6) Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received within the Issue price band. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than [•] % of the Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids. For further details, please refer section titled "Issue Procedure" beginning on page 284.

For details, including grounds for rejection of Bids, refer to "Issue Structure" and "Issue Procedure" on page 279 and 284, respectively. For details of the terms of the Issue, see "Terms of the Issue" on page 271 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.