*Rounded off

**46. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices.**

Our customers in the usual course of business may negotiate for discounts in price of our products as the volume of their orders increase. Pursuing cost-cutting measures while maintaining rigorous quality standards may lead to an erosion of our margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to risk and uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Such price reductions may affect our sales and profit margins. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

**47. Our Company has paid dividends in the past and there can be no assurance that we will pay dividends in the future.**

Our Company has paid dividends in the past; however, there can be no assurance that dividends will be declared or paid in the future. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and shareholders and will depend on a number of factors including, among others, our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure plans, covenants under financing arrangements and applicable legal and regulatory requirements from time to time.

Accordingly, investors may not receive dividend income on the Equity Shares. Any return on investment will therefore depend upon the appreciation, if any, in the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the price of our Equity Shares will appreciate or that investors will realise a gain on their investment.

**48. Our Company's future funding requirements, in the form of further issue of capital or other securities and/or loans taken by us, may turn out to be prejudicial to the interest of the shareholders depending upon the terms and conditions on which they are raised.**

Our Company may require additional capital from time to time depending on our business needs and commercial strategies formulated by the management of our Company. However, access to such funding may not always be available on favourable terms or at all. The ability to secure financing depends on various factors, including market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings and investor confidence in the company's financial performance.

If the Company is unable to raise additional capital when needed, it may have to scale down expansion plans, delay new projects, or seek alternative financing options, which could come at a higher cost. Any further issue of Equity Shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing shareholders and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favourable to the then existing shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt or preference shares, then it may substantially increase our fixed interest/dividend burden and decrease our cash flows, thus adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.

**49. Our success depends heavily upon our Promoter, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management for their continuing services, strategic guidance and financial support who are also the natural person in control of our Company.**

Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our Promoters, Key managerial personnel and Senior Management. We depend significantly on them for executing our day-to-day activities. The loss of any of our Promoters or Key Management Personnel or Senior Management, or failure to recruit suitable or comparable replacements, could have an adverse effect on us. The loss of service of the Promoter and other senior management could seriously impair the ability to continue to manage and expand the business efficiently. If we are unable to retain qualified employees at a reasonable cost, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy. For further details of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management, please refer to the chapter "Our Management" beginning on page 197.

**50. We have not made any alternate arrangements in order to meet our capital requirements for the Objects of the Issue.**

We have not identified any alternate source of financing the 'Objects of the Issue'. Any shortfall in raising / meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and financial performance. As on date, our Company has not made any alternate arrangements for meeting the capital requirements for the Objects of the Issue. We normally meet our capital requirements through our internal accruals. Any shortfall in the same and our inability to raise debt in future would result in us being unable to meet our capital requirements, which in turn will negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, we have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to raise money from this Issue or any shortfall in the Issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further details, please see "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 92.