Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Type of Direct Tax</td><td>No. of Cases</td><td>Amount in dispute/ demanded to the extent ascertainable</td><td>Stage</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>5.</td><td>Income tax for Assessment Year 2019</td><td>1</td><td>40,49,930</td><td>Rectification Order dated August 27, 2020 passed by the Income Tax Department.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Income tax for Assessment Year 2022</td><td>1</td><td>39,69,006</td><td>Intimation order dated January 13, 2023 passed by the Income Tax Department.</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Income tax for Assessment Year 2023</td><td>1</td><td>37,79,243</td><td>Intimation order dated December 15, 2023 passed by the Income Tax Department.</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Income tax for Assessment Year 2024</td><td>1</td><td>15,43,150</td><td>Reply dated July 09, 2025 filed by the Company against Notice dated June 24, 2025 bearing No. ITBA/AST/S/143(2)/2025-26/1077676559(1)by the Income Tax Department. (I)</td></tr></tbody></table>

\*As per the Income Tax Portal.

## b. Indirect Tax Liabilities

Nil

## 4. Other Pending Litigations

(i) Special Leave Petition bearing SLP(C) No. 023365 - / 2025 filed by Hindustan Wellness Private Limited (Petitioner) against POCT Services (Respondent No. 1), the State of Bihar (Respondent No. 2), the Director-in-chief (Respondent No. 3), the Assistant Director (Respondent No. 4), the Executive Director (Respondent No. 5), the Administrative Officer (Respondent No. 6), the Deputy Secretary-cum-in-charge (Respondent No. 7), the Additional Director, Finance (Respondent No. 8), M/s. Doctor Khannas Pathcare Private Limited (Respondent No. 9), Consortium of Science House Medicals Private Limited and Sodani Hospitals and Diagnostics Private Limited ("Respondent No. 10") ("Respondents"), before the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India ("Hon'ble Supreme Court").

This Special Leave Petition was filed by the Petitioner being aggrieved by the judgment and final order dated 08.08.2025 passed by the Division Bench of the Hon'ble High Court of Judicature at Patna ("Hon'ble Patna High Court") in Civil Writ Jurisdiction Case No. 1377 of 2025 ("WP no. 1377 of 2025"). The said WP no. 1377 of 2025 was filed by the Respondent No. 1 against the Petitioner and other Respondents before the Hon'ble High Court of Patna for challenging the tender awarded by Respondent No. 5 to Petitioner and Respondent No.9. Respondent No. 5 had invited online tenders from eligible bidders for the selection of an agency to provide Pathology Services at designated Government Healthcare Facilities and the Respondent No. 1 was acting as the bidder for the tender. Respondent No. 5 issued four corrigendum amending various terms and conditions including extension of the bid submission deadline. In the light of the extended deadlines, the Respondent No. 1 submitted its bid on October 3, 2024 and received an invitation to attend the Financial Bid opening. In reply, Respondent No. 1 emailed to the Respondent No.5 and raised an objection regarding irregularities in the financial bid opening. Thereafter, the Project Appraisal Committee made a recommendation to select the Petitioner and Respondent No. 9 as the L1 bidder for providing the pathology services. An agreement dated November 19, 2024 was executed between State Health Society Bihar and the Petitioner and Respondent No.9 pursuant to the tender process.

The Respondent No. 1 had previously approached the Hon'ble High Court in CWJC No. 17583 of 2024 challenging the tender process initiated by State Health Society Bihar. By the judgement dated December 12, 2024 the writ petition bearing CWJC No. 17583 of 2024 was dismissed. However, the Court granted liberty to the Respondent No. 1 to challenge the issuance of Letter of Award to the successful bidders.

Pursuant to the order dated December 12, 2024 in CWJC No. 17583 of 2024, Respondent No. 1 filed a WP no. 1377 of 2025 under the Civil Writ Jurisdiction of the Hon'ble High Court seeking inter alia: (i) the issuance of appropriate writs(s), order(s) or directions (s) for quashing and setting aside the Agreement dated November 19, 2024 executed between the Respondent No.5 and the Consortium of the Petitioner as the selected agency for providing pathology services at designated government healthcare facilities under the Hub and Spoke model in Bihar; (ii) quashing and setting aside the selection of the Petitioner and Respondent No. 9. Subsequently, an order dated August 08, 2025 was passed by the Hon'ble High Court ("Order dated August 08, 2025") inter-alia stating that (i) the process adopted by the authorities were intended to favour the consortium of the Petitioner and Respondent No. 9 and the eligibility criteria mentioned in terms of the clause 2.4 read with clause 9.6.10 of the tender document had been given go-bye in order to award the work to the consortium of the Petitioner and Respondent No. 9; (ii) the Letter of