Q-Line Biotech Limited

DIVIDEND POLICY

Under the Companies Act, 2013 our Company can pay dividends upon a recommendation by our Board of Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the General Meeting and as per provisions of Articles of Association of our Company. The shareholders of the Company have the right to decrease but not to increase the amount of dividend recommended by the Board of Directors. The dividends may be paid out of profits of our Company in the year in which the dividend is declared or out of the undistributed profits or reserves of previous fiscal years or out of both. The Articles of Association of our Company also gives the discretion to our Board of Directors to declare and pay interim dividends. All Dividends upon recommendation by our Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders at the General Meeting will be paid to credit of registered shareholders by way of cheque or warrant or in any electronic mode. Our Board may also declare interim dividend from time to time.

Our Company does not have any formal dividend policy for the Equity Shares. The declaration and payment of dividend will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders of our Company at their discretion and will depend on a number of factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, profits of our Company, past dividend pattern, operating cash flow of our Company, present and future capital requirements of our existing business, cost of borrowings of our Company, debt obligations of our Company, liquidity and return ratios, provisioning for financial implications arising out of unforeseen events and/or contingencies, investments in new line(s) of business, corporate actions including mergers/ demergers, acquisitions, expansion/ modernisation of existing businesses/ brands, funds required to service any outstanding loans, upgradation of investment in technology and physical infrastructure and expenditure on research and development of existing and new product and any other relevant factors as deemed fit by the Board of Directors.

Our Company has not paid / declared any dividend in last three years from date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company's corporate actions pertaining to payment of dividends in the past are not to be taken as being indicative of the payment of dividends by our Company in the future.