Q-Line Biotech Limited

standards and practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Updated Draft Red Herring Prospectus-I should be limited accordingly.

**75. Investor may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares.**

Under current Indian tax laws, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares within 12 months in an Indian company are classified as short-term capital gains and generally taxable. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange that are held for more than 12 months is considered as long-term capital gains and is taxable at 10%, in excess of Rs. 1,00,000. Any long-term gain realized on the sale of equity shares, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, is also subject to tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares are exempt from taxation in India where an exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India's ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable to pay tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain on the sale of equity shares.

**76. Any downgrading of India's sovereign rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing.**

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing may be available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of our Equity Shares.

**77. Our business and activities are regulated by the Competition Act.**

The Competition Act, 2002 (the “Competition Act”) was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices having an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (the “CCI”) to regulate such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to adversely affect competition in India is void and may result in substantial penalties. Any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly determines purchase or sale prices, directly or indirectly results in bid rigging or collusive bidding, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services, or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or types of goods or services or number of clients in the relevant market or any other similar way, is presumed to adversely affect competition in the relevant market in India and shall be void. The Competition Act also prohibits the abuse of dominant position by any enterprise. Further, if it is proved that any contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and may be punished.

Consequently, all agreements entered into by us may fall within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination adversely affects competition in India. The applicability of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects.

**78. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.**

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Additionally, the GoI may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the GoI experiences extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the GoI's approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other GoI agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all.

**79. The ability of Indian companies to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law.**