# SECTION I – GENERAL

## DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, shall have the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline or policy shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline or policy, as amended, supplemented or re-enacted from time to time, and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision.

The words and expressions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent applicable, the meaning ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Securities Contracts Regulation Act, 1956 ("SCRA"), the Depositories Act or the rules and regulations made there under.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms used in the sections "Statement of Special Tax Benefits", "Financial Information of the Company" and "Main Provisions of the Articles of Association" on page 99, 179 and 373 respectively, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in such sections.

### General Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"The Company", "our Company", "the Issuer", "QLBL", "we", "us" and "our"</td><td>Q-Line Biotech Limited, a Company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956 having its Registered office at 298-281, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012.</td></tr><tr><td>"you", "your" or yours"</td><td>Prospective investors in this Issue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Company related terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>AOA / Articles / Articles of Association</td><td>Articles of Association of our Company, as amended, from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>Associate Company</td><td>Our Associate Company as disclosed in the section "History and Corporate Structure" on page 149 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Audit Committee</td><td>The Committee of the Board of Directors constituted in accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Auditors/ Statutory Auditors</td><td>The Statutory Auditors of our Company being R K Jagetiya & Co, (Chartered Accountants), B-303, Eklavya CHSL, N. L. Complex, Dahisar East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400068.</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to our Company</td><td>HDFC Bank Limited, ICICI Bank Limited, Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited and IndusInd Bank Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Board of Directors / the Board / our Board</td><td>The Board of Directors of our Company, including all duly constituted Committees thereof. For further details of our Directors, please refer to section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Chairman & Managing Director</td><td>The Chairman & Managing Director of our Company being Saurabh Garg.</td></tr><tr><td>Chartered Engineer</td><td>Deepak S/o Vineet Kumar from M/s. Deepak Kumar, appointed in relation to certification of information relating to the installed capacity, available capacity, actual production and capacity utilisation of our products included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Chief Financial Officer/ CFO</td><td>The Chief Financial Officer of our Company being Meenal Gupta.</td></tr><tr><td>Company Secretary and Compliance Officer</td><td>The Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of our Company being Akhand Pratap Singh (M. No. A54065).</td></tr><tr><td>Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee</td><td>The Committee of the Board of Directors constituted in accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s) / Our Directors</td><td>The Director(s) of our Company, unless otherwise specified.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shareholders/</td><td>Persons/ Entities holding Equity Shares of our Company.</td></tr></tbody></table>