Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Amt (Rs. in Lacs)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net Issue Proceeds</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

Since, the entire fund requirement are to be funded from the proceeds of the Issue and existing identifiable internal accruals, there is no requirement to make firm arrangements of finance under Regulation 230(1)(e) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations through verifiable means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, excluding the amounts to be raised through the proposed Issue or through existing identifiable internal accruals.

Subject to applicable law, if the actual utilization towards the Objects is lower than the proposed deployment, such balance will be used for general corporate purposes to the extent that the total amount to be utilized towards general corporate purposes will not exceed 15% of the Gross Proceeds or Rs 10 Crores in accordance with Regulation 230(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. In case of a shortfall in raising the requisite capital from the Net Proceeds or an increase in the total estimated cost of the Objects, business considerations may require us to explore a range of options including utilizing our internal accruals and seeking additional debt from existing and/or future lenders. We believe that such alternate arrangements would be available to fund any such shortfalls. Further, in case of variations in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the purpose set forth above, increased funding requirements for a particular purpose may be financed by surplus funds, if any, available in respect of other purposes for which funds are being raised in the Fresh Issue. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company. The Objects may be varied in the manner provided in “Objects of the Issue – Variation in Objects” on page 92.

As we operate in a competitive environment, our Company may have to revise its business plan from time to time and consequently our fund requirements may also change. Our Company's historical expenditure may not be reflective of our future expenditure plans. Our Company may have to revise its estimated costs, fund allocation and fund requirements owing to various factors such as economic and business conditions, increased competition and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling or revising the planned expenditure and funding requirements, including the expenditure for a particular purpose at the discretion of the Company's management.

For further details on the risks involved in our business plans and executing our business strategies, please see the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 29 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

## Proposed Schedule of Implementation:

We propose to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects in accordance with the estimated schedule of implementation and deployment of funds, as set out in the table below:

(Rs. In Lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">S. No.</th><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th rowspan="2">Total estimated cost</th><th rowspan="2">To be deployed from IPO</th><th rowspan="2">Amount already deployed</th><th colspan="2">Amount to be deployed and utilized in</th></tr><tr><th>2025-26</th><th>2026-27</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>To meet Working Capital requirements</td><td>11000.00</td><td>11000.00</td><td>-</td><td>6000.00</td><td>5000.00</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Repayment of certain borrowing availed by our Company, in part or full</td><td>9000.00</td><td>9000.00</td><td>-</td><td>9000.00</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>General Corporate Purpose*</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

*To be finalized upon determination of the Issue Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount utilized for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 15% of the Gross Proceeds or Rs. 10 crores whichever is lower.

We intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects as disclosed in the table above, in accordance with the business needs of our Company. However, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including the timing of completion of the Issue, market conditions, our Board's analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition. Depending on such factors, we may have to reduce, revise or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects, at the discretion of our management and in accordance with applicable laws. In the event that the estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled Fiscal is not completely met, including due to the reasons stated above, then it shall be utilized in the next Fiscal i.e. 2027-2028 or if required, the amount scheduled for deployment in a specific Fiscal may be utilized in an earlier Fiscal i.e. 2025-26 for 2026-27, as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company.

The proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or agency. These are based on current conditions and are subject to revisions in light of changes in costs, our financial condition, our business operations or