augmenting exports from, India and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. As per the provisions of the Act, the Government:- (i) may make provisions for facilitating and controlling foreign trade; (ii) may prohibit, restrict and regulate exports and imports, in all or specified cases as well as subject them to exemptions; (iii) is authorised to formulate and announce an export and import policy and also amend the same from time to time, by notification in the Official Gazette; (iv) is also authorised to appoint a 'Director General of Foreign Trade' for the purpose of the Act, including formulation and implementation of the Export-Import Policy. FTA read with the Indian Foreign Trade Policy provides that no export or import can be made by a company without an Importer-Exporter Code number unless such company is specifically exempt. An application for an Importer-Exporter Code number has to be made to the office of the Joint Director General of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce. An Importer Exporter Code number allotted to an applicant is valid for all its branches/ divisions/ units/factories.

D. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS

1. The Trademarks Act, 1999

Under the Trademarks Act, 1999 ("**Trademarks Act**"), a trademark is a mark capable of being represented graphically and which is capable of distinguishing the goods or services of one person from those of others used in relation to goods and services to indicate a connection in the course of trade between the goods and some person having the right as proprietor to use the mark. A 'mark' may consist of a device, brand, heading, label, ticket, name signature, word, letter, numeral, shape of goods, packaging or combination of colours or any combination thereof. Section 18 of the Trademarks Act requires that any person claiming to be the proprietor of a trade mark used or proposed to be used by him, must apply for registration in writing to the registrar of trademarks. The trademark, once applied for and which is accepted by the Registrar of Trademarks ("**the Registrar**"), is to be advertised in the trademarks journal by the Registrar. Oppositions, if any, are invited and, after satisfactory adjudications of the same, a certificate of registration is issued by the Registrar. The right to use the mark can be exercised either by the registered proprietor or a registered user. The present term of registration of a trademark is 10 (ten) years, which may be renewed for similar periods on payment of a prescribed renewal fee.

E. ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS

1. The Environment Protection Act, 1986 and the Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986 and the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification, 2006

The Environmental Protection Act, 1986 ("**EP Act**") is an "umbrella" legislation designed to provide a framework for co-ordination of the activities of various Central and State authorities established under various laws. The potential scope of the Act is broad, with "environment" defined to include water, air and land and the interrelationships which exists among water, air and land, and human beings and other living creatures such as plants, micro-organisms and property. Further, the Ministry of Environment and Forests looks into Environment Impact Assessment. The Ministry receives proposals for expansion, modernization and setting up of projects and the impact which such projects would have on the environment which is assessed by the Ministry in detail before granting clearances for such proposed projects. Additionally, under the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification, 2006 and its subsequent amendments, projects are required to mandatorily obtain environmental clearance from the concerned authorities depending on the potential impact on human health and resources.

2. The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974

The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 ("**the Water Act**") prohibits the use of any stream or well for the disposal of polluting matter, in violation of the standards set down by the State Pollution Control Board ("**State PCB**"). The Water Act also provides that the consent of the State PCB must be obtained prior to opening of any new outlets or discharges, which are likely to discharge sewage or effluent. The Water Act prescribes specific amounts of fine and terms of imprisonment for various contraventions.

3. The Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Cess Act, 1977 (the "Water Cess Act") and the Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Cess Rules, 1978 (the "Water Cess Rules")

The Water Cess Act has been enacted to provide for the levy and collection of a cess on water consumed by persons carrying on certain industries and by local authorities, with a view to augment the resources of the central and State PCB for the prevention and control of water pollution constituted under the Water Act. The Water Cess Rules have been notified under Section 17 of the Water Cess Act and provide, inter alia, for the standards of the meters and places where they are to be affixed and the furnishing of returns by consumers.

4. The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981

The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 ("**the Air Act**") requires that any individual, industry or institution responsible for emitting smoke or gases by way of use of fuel or chemical reactions must apply in a prescribed form and obtain