ISSUE STRUCTURE

This Issue is being made in terms of Regulation 229(2) of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time, whereby, an issuer whose post issue paid up capital is more than or equal to ten crore rupees but less than twenty-five crore rupees, shall issue shares to the public and propose to list the same on the Small and Medium Enterprise Exchange (“SME Exchange”, in this case being the NSE Emerge i.e. Emerge platform of NSE). For further details regarding the salient features and terms of such an issue please refer chapter titled “Terms of the Issue” and “Issue Procedure” on page 333 and 344 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus

Issue Structure:

Initial Public Issue of upto 70,53,200 Equity Shares of ₹10 each (the “Equity Shares”) for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (including a Share Premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share), aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs (“the Issue”) by the issuer Company (the “Company”).

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a Pre-IPO placement of up to 8,00,000 Equity Shares aggregating to ₹ [●] lakhs, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, the number of Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. Details of Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall be included in the Red Herring Prospectus.

The Issue comprises a reservation of upto [●] Equity Shares of ₹10 each for subscription by the designated Market Maker (“the Market Maker Reservation Portion”) and Net Issue to Public of upto [●] Equity Shares of ₹10 each (“the Net Issue”). The Issue and the Net Issue will constitute [●] % and [●] %, respectively of the post Issue paid up equity share capital of the Company. The Issue is being made through the Book Building Process.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars of the Issue<sup>(2)</sup></th><th>Market Maker Reservation Portion</th><th>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional Investors</th><th>Individual Investors</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for allocation</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Issue Size available for allocation</td><td>[●] of the Issue Size</td><td>Not more than 50% of the Net Issue being available for allocation to QIB Bidders. However, up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion will be available for allocation proportionately to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining QIB Portion. The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion.</td><td>Not less than 15.00% of the Net Issue subject to the following: (i) one-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10 lakhs; and (ii) two-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹ 10,00,000</td><td>Not less than 35.00% of the Issue or the Issue less allocation to QIB Bidders and Non-Institutional Bidders shall be available for allocation.</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment<sup>(3)</sup></td><td>Firm Allotment</td><td>Proportionate as follows (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion): (a) Up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only; and (b)</td><td>Allotment to each Non-Institutional Bidder shall not be less than the Minimum NIB Application Size, subject to the availability of Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each in the Non-Institutional Portion, and</td><td>Allotment to each Individual Bidder shall not be less than the maximum Bid lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each in the Individual Investor Portion and the remaining</td></tr></tbody></table>