Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations or SEBI (SAST) Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Senior Management / Senior Management Personnel</td><td>Senior Management or Senior Management Personnel means the officers and personnel of the issuer as defined in Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. For details, please refer section titled "Our Management" on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Stakeholders' Relationship Committee</td><td>Stakeholders' Relationship Committee of our Company constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Stock Exchange</td><td>Unless the context requires otherwise, refers to, National Stock Exchange of India Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Shareholders</td><td>Shareholders of our Company from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Sub-Account</td><td>Sub- accounts registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investor) Regulations, 1995, other than sub-accounts which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals.</td></tr><tr><td>Subscriber to MOA</td><td>Initial Subscribers to MOA being Saurabh Garg, Amita Garg &amp; Pushplata Garg.</td></tr><tr><td>Subsidiary Company</td><td>Our subsidiary company as disclosed in the section "Our Subsidiary Company" on page 318 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Whole-Time Director</td><td>The Whole-Time Directors of our Company being Kuldeep Chowdhry, Ajay Kumar Mahanty and Yethadka Subraya Prabhakara.</td></tr></table>

## Issue Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this behalf</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary to a bidder as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>Allocation/ Allocation of Equity Shares</td><td>The Allocation of Equity Shares of our Company pursuant to Fresh Issue of Equity Shares to the successful Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been allotted Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment/Allot/Allotted</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, means the allotment of Equity Shares, pursuant to the Fresh Issue to successful Bidders</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee (s)</td><td>A successful bidder to whom the Equity Shares are allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and who has Bid for an amount of at least Rs. 200 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Escrow Account/Escrow Account(s)</td><td>Account opened with Anchor Escrow Bank for the Issue and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through direct credit or NEFT or RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers during the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period</td><td>One working day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted and allocation to the Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price. The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.<br/>One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr></tbody></table>