Q-Line Biotech Limited

such as food grains, edible oils, pulses kerosene, sugar and drugs. Penalties in terms of fine and imprisonment are prescribed under the ECA for contravention of its provisions.

4. **The Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 2013 (the "DPCO")**

The DPCO has been notified under the Essential Commodities Act, 1955 ("ECA"). The first schedule to the DPCO consists of a list of essential medicines or formulations. In relation to these scheduled formulations, the DPCO inter alia prescribes the method for calculating the ceiling price and provides that the Government shall fix and notify the ceiling prices. The DPCO also prescribes the method for calculating the retail price of a new drug in the domestic market for existing manufacturers of scheduled formulations. Further, under the DPCO, the Government has been assigned the task to monitor the production and availability of scheduled formulations and the active pharmaceutical ingredients contained in the scheduled formulation.

5. **The Drugs, Medical Devices and Cosmetics Bill, 2022 (the "Drugs Bill, 2022")**

The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, released a draft of the Drugs Bill, 2022 on June 22, 2022. The Drugs Bill, 2022 is proposed to amend and consolidate the laws relating to, inter alia, import, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs and medical devices and cosmetics as well as the law relating clinical trials of new drugs and clinical investigation of investigational medical devices. The Drugs Bill, 2022 lays down the standards of the quality of imported drugs and cosmetics and circumstances under which these would be deemed to be adulterated, spurious and misbranded. Under the Drugs Bill, 2022, the central government has the power to prohibit or restrict or regulate the import of drugs and cosmetics in public interest including to meet the requirements of an emergency arising due to epidemic or natural calamities. Further, it lays down the standards of quality for manufacture, sale and distribution of drugs and cosmetics and clinical trial of drugs. The Drugs Bill, 2022 also proposes establishment of several boards and committees to assist and advise the Central and State Governments in the administration and regulation of drugs, cosmetics and medical devices.

6. **The New Drugs and Clinical Trial Rules, 2019 (the "NDC Rules")**

The clinical trials in India are controlled by the Directorate General of Health Services under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India and the NDC Rules lay down the process mechanics and guidelines for clinical trial, including procedure for approval for clinical trials. Clinical trials require obtaining of free, informed and written consent from each study subject. The NDC Rules also provide for compensation in case of injury or death caused during clinical trials. The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization has issued the guidance for industry for submission of clinical trial application for evaluating safety and efficacy, for the purpose of submission of clinical trial application as required under the NDC Rules.

7. **The Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Act, 1954 (the "DMRA")**

The DMRA seeks to control advertisements of drugs in certain cases and prohibits advertisement of remedies that claim to possess magic qualities. In terms of the DMRA, advertisements include any notice, circular, label, wrapper or other document or announcement. It also specifies the ailments for which no advertisement is allowed and prohibits advertisements that misrepresent, make false claims or mislead. Further, the Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Rules, 1955 have been framed for effective implementation of the provisions of the DMRA.

8. **The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 (the "NDPS Act")**

The NDPS Act is a legal framework which seeks to control and regulate operations relating to narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances. It prohibits, inter alia, the cultivation, production, manufacture, possession, sale, purchase, transportation, warehousing, consumption, inter-state movement, import into India and transshipment of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, except for medical or scientific purposes. It also controls and regulates controlled substances which can be used in the manufacturing of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances. Offences under the NDPS Act are essentially related to violations of the various prohibitions imposed under the NDPS Act and are punishable by either imprisonment or monetary fines or both.

9. **National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012 ("the 2012 Policy")**

The 2012 Policy intends to provide the principles for pricing of essential drugs specified in National List of Essential Medicines – 2011 declared by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India and modified from time to time (the National List of Essential Medicines – 2022 (“NLEM”) was notified on September 13, 2022), in order to ensure availability of such medicines at reasonable price, while providing sufficient opportunity for innovation and competition to support the growth of the industry. The prices are regulated based on essential nature of the drugs. Further, the 2012 Policy regulates the price of formulations only through market-based pricing which is different from the earlier principle of cost-based pricing. Accordingly, the formulations will be priced by fixing a ceiling price and the manufacturers of such drugs will be free to fix any price equal or below the ceiling price.