Intent issued in favour of the Petitioner and Respondent Nos. 9 and the consequent agreement dated November 19, 2024 were held to be a result of a favour shown to them and hence, they were quashed and cancelled. (iii) Respondent Nos. 5 to 8 were directed to convene a meeting of the Technical Bid Committee and the PAC within one month from the date of order and subsequently, they shall go for scrutiny of the tenders and a decision would be taken with regard to award of tender afresh at the earliest. Thereafter, this Special Leave Petition (Civil) No. 23365 of 2025 ("SLP") was filed by Petitioner through the said SLP against the Order dated August 08, 2025. Subsequently, an order dated August 25, 2025 was passed in the SLP by the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India inter-alia directing (i) to issue notice returnable on September 19, 2025; (ii) to continue to operate the arrangement as it existed prior to the order dated August 08, 2025; and (iii) to stay the operation of the order dated August 08, 2025 to the limited extent of calling fresh Tender. The matter is pending.

(ii) Special Leave Petition (Civil) No. 023312/2025 ("SLP") filed by M/s Hindustan Wellness Private Limited (Petitioner) against (1) M/s Science House Medicals Private Limited (Respondent No. 1) (2) M/s Sodani Hospitals Diagnostics Private Limited (Respondent No. 2) (3) Consortium of Science House Medicals Private Limited and Sodani Hospitals and Diagnostics Private Limited (Respondent No. 3) (4) The State of Bihar (Respondent No. 4) (5) The State Health Society, Bihar (Respondent No. 5) (6) The Executive Director, State Health Society, Bihar (Respondent No. 6) (7) Dr. Khannas Pathcare Private Limited (Respondent No. 7) (8) Poct Services (Respondent No. 8) before the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India ("Hon'ble Supreme Court")

The Special Leave Petition was filed by the Petitioner being aggrieved by the judgment and final order dated 08.08.2025 passed by the Division Bench of the Hon'ble High Court of Judicature at Patna ("Hon'ble Patna High Court") in Civil Writ Jurisdiction Case No. 17505 of 2024 ("WP no. 17505 of 2024"). The said WP no. 17505 of 2024 was filed by Respondent No.1, Respondent No. 2 and Respondent No. 3 against Petitioner, Respondent No. 4, Respondent No. 5, Respondent No. 6, Respondent No. 7, Respondent No. 8 for challenging the tender awarded by Respondent No.6 to Petitioner and Respondent No. 7.

Respondent No. 6 had invited online tenders from eligible bidders for the selection of an agency to provide Pathology Services at designated Government Healthcare Facilities. The Respondent nos. 1 and 2 are private limited formed a consortium viz Respondent No. 3. Respondent nos. 1 and 2 through Respondent No. 3 submitted its bid online

Thereafter, Respondent No. 6 issued 4 (four) corrigenda amending various terms and conditions including extension of the bid submission deadline. A total of seven bidders participated in the tender process and all were found to be technically qualified. During the financial evaluation, it was revealed that the Responded No. 3 had quoted a maximum discount of 77.06% and Petitioner in consortium with Respondent No. 7 quoted discount of 73.05% and Respondent No. 8) quoted a discount of 69.03%. However, Petitioner in consortium with Respondent No. 7 and Respondent No. 8 raised objections against Respondent No. 3's financial bid and alleged that Respondent No. 3 quoted two different rates in its bid. Subsequently, Respondent No. 3 was not declared as L1 bidder.

Thereafter, the Respondent Nos. 1, 2 and 3 contended that Respondent No. 6 had grossly violated the tender terms and conditions and acted in a completely biased and unfair manner in the financial evaluation of the Respondent No. 3's bid. In the light of this, the Respondents No. 1, 2 and 3 filed a Writ Petition bearing C.W.J.C No. 17505/2024 before the Hon'ble High Court for seeking indulgence of the Hon'ble High Court to issue appropriate writs/orders/directions for: – (i) issuance of the writ in the nature of Certiorari for quashing of the Order of financial bid disqualification and declare the order of disqualification as illegal and void in law, (ii) directing the Respondent No. 5 to reconsider the Financial Bid of the Respondent No 3 and Award the contract/Purchase order to the Respondent No. 3 as the Respondent No 3 offered the highest percentage of discount of 77.06%, (iii) directing the Respondent No. 5 not to cancel the Tender or publish any new or similar tender or re-tender, (iv) directing the Respondent No. 5 to cancel award of contract/Purchase Order issued in favour of Petitioner in consortium with Respondent No. 7 (v) directing the Respondent No. 5 not to accept any performance guarantee or return the performance bank guarantee, if any submitted by Petitioner in consortium with Respondent No. 7, (vi) directing the Respondent No. 5 not to proceed further or issue any order in the Tender till the final disposal of the writ.

Thereafter, an order dated August 08, 2025 was passed by the Hon'ble High Court, inter-alia, stating that (i) the action of Respondent Nos. 5 and 6 was arbitrary and went to the extent of unduly favouring Petitioner in consortium with Respondent No. 7. (ii) the present case was not a bonafide decision and therefore, it was a fit case to interfere with the decision of the Respondent Nos. 5 and 6 in exercise of its power of judicial review. (iii) the decision of the PAC, rejecting the financial bid of the Respondent No. 3 and awarding work to the consortium of Petitioner in consortium with Respondent No. 7 was set aside. (iv) all subsequent acts of awarding of 'LOI' and execution of agreement in favour of the said consortium of Petitioner and Respondent No. 7 were also set aside. (v) Respondent Nos. 5 and 6 were directed to take a fresh decision within a period of one month from the date of this judgement.

Thereafter, the present Special Leave Petition (Civil) No. 0233125 ("SLP") was filed with the Hon'ble Supreme Court by Petitioner through the said SLP against the Order dated August 08, 2025. Subsequently and an order dated August 25, 2025 by the Hon'ble Supreme Court inter-alia directing (i) to issue notice returnable on September 19, 2025; (ii) to continue to operate