Q-Line Biotech Limited

perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares and could significantly impair our future ability to raise capital through offerings of the Equity Shares. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of the Equity Shares held by the major shareholders of our Company or the availability of these Equity Shares for future sale will have on the market price of our Equity Shares.

**59. The Issue Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue and the market price of our Equity Shares may decline below the Issue Price and you may not be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price.**

The Issue price is based on numerous factors. For further information, see the chapter titled **Basis for Issue Price** beginning on page 94 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of our Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. The factors that could affect our share price are:

* Variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as earnings per share, net income and revenues;

* Changes in revenue or earnings;

* Domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance.

**60. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future.**

Our Company has entered into various transactions with our Directors, Promoter and Promoter Group members/ entities. These transactions, inter-alia includes, purchase and sale of services, issue of shares, remuneration, loans and advances, reimbursements etc. For details, please refer to Annexure X - Related Party Disclosure under Section titled **"Financial Information of the Company"** and Chapter titled **"Capital Structure"** beginning on page 179 and 71 respectively of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. All related party transactions entered into by us in the last three financial years have been at arms' length and in the interests of our Company. Although all related-party transactions that we may enter into in the future are subject to approval by our Audit Committee, Board or shareholders, as required under the Companies Act, we cannot assure you that such future transactions or any other future transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions are not entered into with related parties. Such related party transactions in the future or any other future transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to the interest of our Company and we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

**61. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against certain operating hazards and this may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial conditions.**

We have obtained insurance coverage in respect of various risks under policies including Burglary and House Breaking Insurance Policy, Reliance Bharat Laghu Udyam Suraksha Policy-Retail Policy, Reliance Laghu Business Your Choice Policy, Group Mediclaim, Group Personal Accident, Marine Cargo Insurance Policy, Sales Turnover-Inland Policy and vehicle insurance. Some of our vehicle insurance policies continue to reflect the erstwhile name of the company and the previous address which is not being used by the company. There can be no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses/ damages suffered or that such insurance coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. If we suffer a significant uninsured loss or if insurance claim in respect of the subject matter of insurance is not accepted or any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

**62. We have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to mobilize the required resources or any shortfall in the Issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule.**

The proposed fund requirement for our Working Capital requirements, as detailed in the section titled "Objects of the Issue" is to be funded from the proceeds of this IPO. We have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to mobilize the required resources or any shortfall in the Issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule. We therefore, cannot assure that we would be able to execute our future plans/strategy within the given timeframe. For details, please refer to the Chapter titled **"Objects of the Issue"** beginning on page 86 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**63. The Objects of the Issue for which funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Any variation between the estimation and actual expenditure as estimated by the management could result in execution delays or influence our profitability adversely.**