Q-Line Biotech Limited

1. **Reagents Business** – This segment comprises reagent kits, rapid cards, consumables & POC strips, which are essential consumables used in diagnostic tests across a wide range of applications, including immunodiagnostics, haematology, molecular diagnostics, clinical chemistry and others. These reagents are utilised for in vitro testing of human samples, supporting disease prediction, prevention, diagnosis, monitoring, and overall health status evaluation. Reagents constitute the major portion of our company's revenue from operations, with their contribution to revenue amounting to 17639.61 lakhs, 13579.63 lakhs, and 13146.80 lakhs for the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Our key manufacturing category for reagents, based on test type, include those used in clinical chemistry, haematology, molecular, immunology and, Rapids as well as POC among others. The breakdown of revenue from the sale of reagents based on test type on standalone basis is provided below:

(In lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Test Type</th><th>24-25</th><th>%</th><th>FY24</th><th>%</th><th>FY23</th><th>%</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>11,314.38</td><td>64.14%</td><td>7,936.94</td><td>58.45%</td><td>7,175.00</td><td>54.58%</td></tr><tr><td>Coagulation</td><td>42.77</td><td>0.24%</td><td>122.25</td><td>0.90%</td><td>11.71</td><td>0.09%</td></tr><tr><td>Haematology</td><td>5,086.48</td><td>28.84%</td><td>4,095.27</td><td>30.16%</td><td>4,175.24</td><td>31.76%</td></tr><tr><td>HPLC</td><td>284.25</td><td>1.61%</td><td>215.54</td><td>1.59%</td><td>128.11</td><td>0.97%</td></tr><tr><td>Microbiology</td><td>3.87</td><td>0.02%</td><td>0</td><td>0.00%</td><td>0</td><td>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td>Molecular</td><td>19.33</td><td>0.11%</td><td>561.4</td><td>4.13%</td><td>677.93</td><td>5.16%</td></tr><tr><td>POC</td><td>9.05</td><td>0.05%</td><td>30.56</td><td>0.23%</td><td>264.14</td><td>2.01%</td></tr><tr><td>Rapid/Elisa</td><td>879.48</td><td>4.99%</td><td>617.67</td><td>4.55%</td><td>714.67</td><td>5.44%</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>17,639.61</td><td>100.00%</td><td>13,579.63</td><td>100.00%</td><td>13,146.80</td><td>100.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

2. **Diagnostic Instrument business-**: Our diagnostic equipment business comprises both the manufacturing and trading of essential devices used in clinical diagnostics and healthcare settings. We offer products such as analysers, point-of-care devices, and other critical components required for diagnostic procedures. By combining in-house manufacturing capabilities with trading operations, we can meet diverse customer needs, ensure product availability, and maintain high standards of quality and reliability across our offerings. We currently manufacture instrument analysers used in clinical chemistry. The break-up of revenue from the sale of instruments, based on manufacturing and trading on standalone basis, is provided below:

In Lakhs

<table><thead><tr><th>Type</th><th>24-25</th><th>FY24</th><th>FY23</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Manufactured</td><td>5,987.15</td><td>611.00</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Traded</td><td>5,506.85</td><td>5,058.69</td><td>3,909.35</td></tr></tbody></table>

3. **Consumables-** In the hospital industry, a variety of consumables are utilized in diagnostic tests and procedures, some of which are critical, including Macro Cuvettes with Balls, Lab Plastic Plates, Laboratory Plastic Tip Rack, Syringe Pump, and others. We are engaged in the trading of these essential items as part of our regular business operations.

4. **Service** - This includes the annual maintenance of the medical equipments that we sell to our customers.

## Our Competitive Strengths

### Established manufacturing capabilities with focus on R&D, Reverse Engineering and quality control.

Our dedicated R&D division of 23 scientists and engineers drives prototyping and product validation, allowing us to move innovative solutions. By leveraging a global vendor-sourcing network and strategic tie-ups with different academic and research institutes, we continually reverse-engineer our components, refine our formulations, and optimize manufacturing processes. This concerted effort is reflected in our R&D spend which is around 1% of our revenue, underscoring our management's commitment to sustained innovation. We operate three manufacturing facilities—two owned plants in Lucknow (commissioned in 2018 and 2023) and one leasehold units in Delhi's Bawana Industrial Area—with a combined capacity of approximately 1,200 analyzer instruments and 1.4 million reagent kits per annum (as of March 31, 2025). To support our growth trajectory, a fourth reagents-focused facility in Lucknow is slated to begin operations in FY 2025-26. Our operations, raw-material sourcing, packaging and transportation practices, and SOP-driven process controls enable us to uphold margins and deliver consistent product quality. We have established standard operating procedures culminating in ISO 13485:2016 certification for our Lucknow plant at Khasra No. 3105, Amausi, Ward- Sarojani Nagar, Lucknow. Our manufacturing teams—comprising 89 on-roll employees and 378 third-party personnel as of March 31, 2025—work hand-in-hand with R&D, supply-chain partners, and external collaborators to ensure that each instrument and reagent kit meets benchmarks.

### Diversified product portfolio with focus on IVD industry.

Over the years, we have developed a diversified product portfolio in the IVD industry which include reagents, point of care devices and kits used in Clinical Chemistry, Coagulation, Haematology, HPLC, Rapid/Elisa, molecular etc, diagnostic instruments, equipment's, consumables and services. We are currently marketing these products in around 26 states and Union Territory with