## Brief Profile of Directors:

1. **Saurabh Garg** is the Chairman & Managing Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with our Company since its incorporation. He holds a Diploma in Electronics Engineering from Lucknow Polytechnic, Lucknow. He has an experience of over 31 years in healthcare and diagnostic sector. His expertise extends to providing tailored turn-key solutions, establishing diagnostic laboratories, and managing comprehensive facilities, including cardiology and critical care solutions and is responsible for overall business development, strategic guidance and performance of the company. He has worked closely with public sector stakeholders and aligned his initiatives with national priorities such as Make in India and state-level healthcare reforms. He has received multiple government awards for his work in health and diagnostics such as Jan Swasthya Sewa Award-2018 and Pride of Asia Award for innovations in healthcare.
2. **Kuldeep Chowdhry** is the Whole Time Director of our Company. He has been on the Board of the Company since 2015. He holds a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Sikkim Manipal University and Bachelor of Science Degree from Utkal University. He has an experience of over 29 years in biotechnology industry. He is responsible for overseeing company's operations, including coordination with R&D, production, quality control and development of innovative products.
3. **Ajay Kumar Mahanty** is the Whole Time Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been on the Board of the Company since 2015. He holds a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Berhampur University and Honours Diploma for Bachelor of Science Degree from Utkal University. He has an experience of over 20 years in sales, marketing, business strategy and leadership in diagnostics. He is responsible for leading sales & marketing planning, overseeing manufacturing process, budgeting, driving strategic collaborations and heading research and development to expand product portfolio.
4. **Yethadka Subraya Prabhakara** is the Whole Time Director of our Company. He has been on the Board of the Company since May 08, 2025. He has completed Bachelor of Science (Agricultural Marketing and Co-operation) and Master of Science (Agricultural Economics) from University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore. He also holds Post Graduate Diploma in Management (Agriculture) from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Ahmedabad. He has an experience of around 31 years in general management and P&L ownership. He is responsible for the Company's overall strategy and operations.
5. **Abhay Agrawal** is the Non-Executive Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been on the Board of the Company since 2015. He holds a Master's Degree in Science from Banaras Hindu University and Bachelor's Degree in Science from Kamla Nehru Institute of Physical & Social Sciences, Sultanpur. He has an experience of 17 years and is responsible for overseeing HR and admin functions and is also responsible for formulating the overall strategy for the company.
6. **Amita Garg** is the Non-Executive Director of our Company. She is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with our Company since its incorporation. She holds a Doctorate of Philosophy in Pathology & Social Services from Social Awareness and Peace University and Master of Arts in Philosophy and Bachelor of Arts from Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University. She has an experience of over 15 years and is responsible for financial overview, budgeting, and admin activities.
7. **Ayush Garg** is the Non-Executive Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been on the Board of the Company since 2023. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Science from Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University. He has an experience of over 4 years and is responsible for strategic planning and execution of high-impact growth opportunities, leading core functions including finance, technology, corporate planning and market expansion.
8. **Abhishek Mishra** is an Independent Director of our Company. He has been on the Board of the Company since 2025. He holds a degree of Post Graduate Diploma in Business Management (Operations) from NMIMS, Pune and Bachelor of Technology (Mechanical and Automation Engineering) from Amity University, Uttar Pradesh. He has an experience of 8 years in the area of Operations related to Manufacturing Process, Service Process, Manufacturing Operations of fabrication shop, Capacity Enhancement Projects with the help of MOST, Quality Management System, Factory Planning & Improvement Group, Operation Excellence, New Product Development and Implementation on Production.
9. **Pravir Kumar** is an Independent Director of our Company. He has been on the Board of the Company since May 08, 2025. He holds a degree of Master of Economic and Social Studies in Social Development Planning from University of Wales and Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur. He is a retired Indian Administrative Service (IAS) Officer belonging to the 1982 Batch (Uttar Pradesh cadre) and has an experience of over 38 years in various sectors of governance, in the field as well as at policy making level at the State level and Central Government level. He has held several key positions including Secretary, Home Affairs Inter-state Council Secretariat, Additional Secretary, Joint Secretary, Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises, Joint Secretary, Small Scale Industries and has also led multiple state PSUs and policy initiatives.