Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><tr><td></td><td>The Pre- IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Issue, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre- IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre- IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue, or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Details of Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken shall be included in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Price Band</td><td>Price Band of a minimum price (Floor Price) of Rs. [●] and the maximum price (Cap Price) of Rs. [●] and includes revisions thereof. The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot will be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs and advertised in two national daily newspapers (one each in English and in Hindi) with wide circulation and one daily regional newspaper with wide circulation at least two working days prior to the Bid / Issue Opening Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Pricing Date</td><td>The date on which our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, will finalize the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Prospectus</td><td>The Prospectus, to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in accordance with the provisions of Section 26 & 32 of the Companies Act, 2013, containing, inter alia, the Issue Price, size of the Issue and certain other information.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account</td><td>Account to be opened with the Bankers to the Issue to receive monies from the ASBA Accounts and from the Escrow Accounts in case of Anchor Investor(s), on the Designated Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account Bank</td><td>The bank with whom the Public Issue Account is opened for collection of Bid Amounts from Escrow Account and ASBA Account on the Designated Date, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>QIB Portion / QIB Category</td><td>The portion of the Issue (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50% of the Net Issue comprising [●] * Equity Shares which shall be allocated to QIBs (including Anchor Investors), on a proportionate basis, (in which allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.<br/>*Subject to finalization of Basis of Allotment</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Institutional Buyers/ QIBs</td><td>Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1) (ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Red Herring Prospectus / RHP</td><td>The Red Herring Prospectus to be issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Issued and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigendum thereto</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account</td><td>Account to which Application monies are to be refunded to the Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Bank / Refund Banker</td><td>Bank which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as Bankers to the Issue at which the Refund Account will be opened, in this case being [●]</td></tr><tr><td>Refund through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Refunds through NECS, direct credit, RTGS or NEFT, as applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Broker</td><td>Stock brokers registered with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges having nationwide terminals, other than the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members and eligible to procure Bids in terms of Circular No. CIR/CFD/14/2012 dated October 4, 2012 and the SEBI UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated September 29, 2025 entered into between our Company and the Registrar to the Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue pertaining to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar and Share Transfer Agents or RTAs</td><td>Designated RTA Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar/ Registrar to the Issue/ RTI</td><td>Registrar to the Issue, in this case being Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Revision Form</td><td>The form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount in any of their Bid Cum Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s), as applicable. None of the Bidders are allowed to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage.</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s) / SCSB(s)</td><td>(i) The banks registered with the SEBI which offer the facility of ASBA and the list of which is available on the website of the SEBI (https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=34) and updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.<br/>(ii) The banks registered with SEBI, enabled for UPI Mechanism, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=40 Applications through UPI in the Issue can be made only through the SCSBs mobile applications whose name appears on the SEBI website. A list of SCSBs and mobile application, which, are live for applying</td></tr></table>

8