Our business is subject to risks arising from government-imposed price controls, which may adversely impact our profitability. In India, healthcare and pharmaceutical pricing is regulated through frameworks such as the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 2013 issued under the Essential Commodities Act, 1955. Price ceilings notified by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (“NPPA”) restrict the ability of manufacturers and distributors to freely determine product pricing. In addition, certain state-level policies and procurement schemes, including government-run programs in Uttar Pradesh such as the “Jan Aushadhi” initiative and the State-sponsored essential medicines distribution schemes, mandate supply of medicines and products at regulated or subsidized rates. Such schemes, while aimed at improving affordability for patients, may result in reduced margins, delayed collections from state authorities and additional compliance requirements for us. Any expansion of these programs, or inclusion of our products within such controlled categories, could constrain our ability to pass on cost increases in raw materials, packaging or logistics. Further, any non-compliance with applicable pricing regulations could result in penalties, reputational damage and restrictions on our operations. Our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could therefore be materially and adversely affected.

Further, the prices for our products and machines vary across markets and are typically determined by competitive and regulatory dynamics unique to each market. Pricing pressure from our customers and competitors may lead to decreases in our revenue from product sales and profit margins. Pricing pressure from customers may present in various forms including, among others, through our competitors lowering their prices for similar products or the companies we engage through distribution and supply agreements. To maintain our profit margins, we typically seek to reduce the price of our raw materials through negotiations with our suppliers, improving our production processes to increase our manufacturing efficiency and optimizing packaging and product size so as to reduce costs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to avoid future pricing pressure from our customers or offset the impact of any price reductions through continued technological improvements, improved operational efficiencies, cost-effective sourcing alternatives, new manufacturing processes or other cost reductions through other productivity initiatives. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to pass on any increases in operating costs to our customers as we are committed to providing high-quality products at affordable prices. If we were to face pricing pressure from our customers, and the aforementioned measures or other steps we take fail to maintain or increase our margins and revenues from product sales, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected.

**26. Our inability to successfully implement some or all our business strategies in a timely manner or at all could have an adverse effect on our business.**

As a part of our strategy towards business development, market presence and marketing of our products among other strategies, we are required to implement several business strategies. These strategies may be successful or may not be successful which depends on our ability to draw and implement these strategies in the timely manner, our inability to reduce our debt and our operating costs, our ability to forecast the demand, to retain the distributors and marketing agents, our ability to renew the contract with the European companies for manufacturing of our machines and reagents, our failure to develop and market new products and services with growth potential as per the changing market preferences and trends, our failure to execute agreements with our technology and strategic partners, or foresee challenges with respect to our business initiatives, our failure to sufficiently upgrade our infrastructure, machines, automation, equipment and technology as required to cater to the requirement of changing demand and market preferences, our failure to maintain quality and consistency in our operations or to ensure scaling of our operations to correspond with our strategies and customer demand, changes in GoI policy or regulation, our inability to respond to regular competition, and other operational and management difficulties. Any failure on our part to implement our strategy due to many reasons as attributed aforesaid could be detrimental to our long-term business outlook and our growth prospects and may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, for any reason, in the event the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. For further details of our strategies, see “Our Business – Strategies” on page 123.

**27. Delay in delivering or failure in the performance of our contracts for whatsoever reason with our customers for supply of our products and machines, whether on our part or on the part of carrying and forwarding (“C&F”) agents, may adversely affect our business.**

Our contracts with our customers require us to supply our products and/or machines in the specific delivery schedules. Our or any of our suppliers' failure to adhere to contractually agreed timelines to deliver or receive our products on a timely basis, or at all, may have the following consequences: (i) delayed payment to us for our products, (ii) performance guarantees may be invoked against us, (iii) our clients may terminate our contracts, and (iv) damage to our reputation.

We outsource part of our operations to C&F agents, for logistics and distribution. Any delay in delivery may affect our sales performance in markets. The performance of the contract for our client or distributor depends partly on the performance of our C&F agents. We cannot assure you that the C&F agents will be able to successfully carry out these processes in the requisite time. Additionally, where our failure to supply products arises due to our C&F agents' failure to perform, our C&F agents may not have adequate financial resources to meet their indemnity obligations to us. Further, in case our C&F agent increase the fare for the transportation, we may not be able to reduce the cost of our operations and we may not be able to pass on such increase portion of cost to our customers. We have not noticed any such failure in the past however this does not give guarantee of non-occurrence in