and impact our ability to meet customer demands in a timely manner. Further, if we are unable to obtain raw materials and equipment on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, or if our third-party suppliers fail to deliver the raw materials and equipment to us within a reasonable stipulated time, it could lead to disruptions, slowdown or shutdown of operations at our manufacturing facilities and R&D centers. Although we have not experienced any material instances of such disruptions at our manufacturing facilities or R&D centers in the past three Financial Years, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to these risks in the future. Any of the foregoing could cause delays in our operations or require us to shut down the affected manufacturing facility, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

2. **Any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of our raw materials, trade goods from our suppliers and manufacturers, or an increase in the costs of such raw materials, trade goods may adversely impact the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.**

We are relying on the third-party suppliers/vendors for the supply of certain of our raw materials and machineries. A few of the raw material that we use for manufacturing of reagent and “Selectra” machines includes “Power supply pt535, Data cable tree, Pannel PC, Power cable tree pro m”, Antigen, Antibody, Enzymes subtracts and Bulk reagents, consumables, lab chemicals and packaging materials, for our manufacturing activities these raw material suppliers and machine equipment's are located both in India and outside India. For the last three Financial Years 2023, 2024 and 2025, the following table sets forth the amount of domestic and imported purchases on standalone basis:

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>March 23</td><td>March 24</td><td>March 25</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Domestic Sourcing</td><td>2,553.03</td><td>3,941.83</td><td>5,689.59</td></tr><tr><td>Imports</td><td>7,169.71</td><td>11,707.65</td><td>8,680.93</td></tr></tbody></table>

Thus, any delays or disruptions, short supply in the manufacturing facilities of such third-party suppliers and vendors may result in our inability to deliver certain products, increased costs, delayed payments for our products and damage to our reputation leading to an adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. Additionally, we may be subject to certain risks, such as our inability to continuously monitor the quality, safety and manufacturing processes at the manufacturing facilities of such third parties. In addition, our contracts with our third-party suppliers and manufacturers may expire and we may not be able to renew such contracts at terms acceptable to us. Further, any adverse price movement in the price of the raw material and equipment parts or sale at lower price to our competitors by such suppliers, can impact our financial condition, cash flow and business operations adversely. In the event the services of these parties cease to be available to us at terms acceptable to us or we experience problems with, or interruptions in, the services or facilities of such third parties, and we are unable to find other facilities to provide similar manufacturing capacity on comparable terms and on a timely basis, our operations may be disrupted, and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Unanticipated supply shortages could also lead to a slowdown or shutdown of our operations or under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities and may impact our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.

3. **Our business is dependent on the sale of our products through distributors which also include our group entity POCT services. The loss of any of these distributors or third parties for any reason may affect the marketing and distribution of our products adversely and further could impact our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows negatively.**

As on March 31, 2025 we are having 397 Distributors out of which our top two distributors contribute 68.19% of the sales for the year ended March 25 on consolidated basis. Further, one of our distributer among the top 2 contribute more than 60% of our sales which is our group entity i.e. POCT services. We are selling our product through the distributors and marketing our products through these distributors by entering into term sheet and agreements. There is no assurance that the arrangements with distributors will not decline in the future as a result of factors beyond our control such as incentives from competitors, increased competition, pricing pressures or fluctuation in the demand or supply of our products. Similarly, in the event of any breakthroughs in the development or invention of alternative products, we may be exposed to the risk of our products being substituted to a greater or lesser extent by these alternatives, and we may fail to introduce new products that would cater to the demand by our marketing partners or distributors. Also, there is no guarantee that we will not face termination of agreement or renewal of the agreement on the terms which are not favourable to us. Thus, any loss of the agreement with these distributers may adversely affect our business operations, financial position and cash flows. Further we may also face the risk of not providing after sales services in effective and timely manner which may lead to loss of customer and breach of the agreement for the factors which may not be in our control.

4. **We are dependent on certain key suppliers to procure a significant portion of our Raw material for production of reagents and for traded machines. Any denial of supplies or loss of the relationship with them could result in disruption in our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.**

We are dependent on certain key suppliers for purchasing our Raw Material and supply of machines. Our customer satisfactions and growth of our business directly depends on the timely and quality product delivery which ultimately depends on the availability of the timely and good quality raw material. During the last 3 financials year the dependence on the suppliers is present in the below table on standalone basis for raw material: