significant control and influence over our Company and our affairs and business, including the appointment of Directors, the timing and payment of dividends, the adoption of and amendments to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the approval of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets and the approval of most other actions requiring the approval of our shareholders. The interests of our Promoters may be different from or conflict with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders in material aspects and, as such, our Promoters may not make decisions in our best interests.

18. Certain of our shareholders, Directors, Key Management Personnel and Senior Management may be interested in our Company other than in terms of remuneration and reimbursement of expenses. Our Promoters, Directors and some of our Key Managerial Personnel may have interest in entities, which are in businesses similar to ours and this may result in conflict of interest with us.

Certain of our shareholders, Promoters, Directors, Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and benefits arising therefrom. Certain of our Key Managerial Personnel and Directors, are also interested in our Company by virtue of being our Promoters. Certain of our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management are from time to time interested in the contracts, agreements/arrangements entered into or to be entered into by our Company with any company which is promoted by them, in which they are members, in which they hold directorships or any partnership firm in which they are partners in the ordinary course of business. In addition, certain of our Promoters and Directors are also interested in certain entities with which we have entered into related party transactions. For further details, please see "Our Management – Interest of Directors" and "Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions" on pages 155 and 227, respectively. We cannot assure you that our Promoter, certain of our Directors, Key Management Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Further, certain of our Promoters and our Directors also hold directorship in certain companies, including certain of our Subsidiaries. We cannot assure you that our Promoter and our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in the future. This may give rise to a conflict of interest, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

19. Some of our business operations are being conducted on leased / rented, sub lease and leave license basis. Our inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations.

Our manufacturing plants, warehouses and branch offices are located on leased, sub-leased or licensed premises except our manufacturing plant located at Plot No. 3105, Gindan Khera, Amausi Station Road, Nadarganj, Lucknow- 226008, Uttar Pradesh which is owned by us.

The premises used by us for registered office purposes is located on leased premises, and we do not own this premises. In the event such leases are not renewed or are terminated, it could adversely affect our operation unless we arrange for similar premises. If we are unable to continue or renew such leases on same or similar terms or find alternate premises on lease on similar terms or at all, it may affect our business operations.

These leasehold arrangements are subject to periodic renewals and may include escalation clauses for rental payments during the lease term. As per the terms of the Agreements, our Company is required to obtain prior consent from the Lessor before undertaking certain activities on the rented premises. Our Company has applied for the consent of UPSIDC and the same has been acknowledged by UPSIDC, however the it is pending for approval. A loss of our Company's interests in the Property, including through actual or alleged non-compliance with the terms of the lease / rent arrangements, the termination of lease by the Lessor, or an inability to secure renewal thereof on commercially reasonable terms when they expire, would interfere with our Company's ability to operate its current operations thus affecting its financial performance. The cost of relocating a site is significant. We may not be able to pass these costs on to our customers and any such relocation could cause disruption to our customers. In addition, we may not always have the ability to access, analyse and verify all information regarding title and other issues prior to entering into lease in respect of the leased site, and to the extent there is any defect in the titles of any of such leased / rent site, our ability to continue operating at such leased site may be adversely affected.

Further, We have entered into certain lease, sub-lease and leave and license agreements which are required to be adequately stamped and/or duly registered. Unless such documents are adequately stamped and/or duly registered, such documents may be rendered inadmissible as evidence in a court in India or may not be authenticated by any public officer and the same may attract penalty as prescribed under applicable law or may impact our ability to enforce these agreements legally, which may result in an adverse effect on the continuance of our operations and business. For information in relation to our premises, see "Our Business –Properties" on page 123.

20. Our inability to protect or use our intellectual property rights or comply with intellectual property rights of others may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has 16 registered trademarks under the Trademarks Act, 1999. Further, our Company has filed the necessary application with the Trademark Registry to reflect the present name of the Company in relation