Q-Line Biotech Limited

ISSUE PROCEDURE

All Applicants should review the General Information Document for Investing in Public Issue, prepared and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular no CIR/CFD/DIL/12/2013 dated October 23, 2013 notified by SEBI and updated pursuant to SEBI Circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015, the SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26 dated January 21, 2016, SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 and updated pursuant to SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 (the "General Information Document") which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public Issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, the SCRR and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The General Information Document is available on the websites of Stock Exchange, the Company and the Book Running Lead Managers. Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document which are applicable to the Issue.

Additionally, all Applicants may refer to the General Information Document for information in relation to (i) Category of investor eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum Issue size; (iii) price discovery and allocation; (iv) Payment Instructions for ASBA Applicants; (v) Issuance of CAN and Allotment in the Issue; (vi) General instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Application Form); (vii) designated date; (viii) disposal of applications; (ix) submission of Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint applications in cases of individual, multiple applications and instances when an application would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious applications; (xii) mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI through its UPI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (UPI) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for Individual Investors applying through Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+3 days ("UPI Phase I"). The UPI Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019.

Subsequently, for applications by Retail Individual Investors through Designated Intermediaries, the process of physical movement of forms from Designated Intermediaries to SCBS for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism with existing timeline of T+3 days is applicable for a period of three months or launch of five main board public Issues, whichever is later ("UPI Phase II"), with effect from July 1, 2019, by SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76) dated June 28, 2019, read with circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85) dated July 26, 2019. Further, as per the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133) dated November 8, 2019, the UPI Phase II had been extended until March 31, 2020. However, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, UPI Phase II has been further extended by SEBI until further notice, by its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020. Thereafter, the final reduced timeline of T+3 days may be made effective using the UPI Mechanism for applications by Retail Individual Investors ("UPI Phase III"), as may be prescribed by SEBI. Further, SEBI, vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, has introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public Issues and redressing investor grievances. This circular is effective for initial public Issues opening on or after May 1, 2021, except as amended pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022, and the provisions of this circular are deemed to form part of this Prospectus. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual Investors in initial public Issue (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹ 500,000 shall use the UPI Mechanism.

Furthermore, SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 has approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares in public Issue from existing 6 working days to 3 working days from the date of the closure of the Issue. The revised timeline of T+3 days shall be made applicable in two phases i.e. voluntary for all public Issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Further, SEBI has vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 reduced the time taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of a public Issue to three Working Days. Accordingly, the Issue will be made under UPI Phase III on a mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.

The list of Banks that have been notified by SEBI as Issuer Banks for UPI are provided on https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40. The list of Stockbrokers, Depository Participants (DP), Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) that have been notified by SME Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE EMERGE") to act as intermediaries for submitting Application Forms are provided on www1.nseindia.com/emerge For details on their designated branches for submitting Application Forms, please see the above-mentioned website of Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE EMERGE"). Please note that the information stated/covered in this section may not be complete and/or accurate and as such would be subject to modification/change. Our Company and Book Running Lead Managers do not accept any responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information stated in this section and the General Information Document. Our Company and Book Running Lead Managers would not be able