Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><tr><td>Shareholders</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>Equity Shares of our Company of face value of Rs. 10/- each unless otherwise specified in the context thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Executive Directors</td><td>Executive director(s) on our Board, as described in "Our Management" on page 155 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies</td><td>Our group companies as disclosed in the section "Our Group Company" on page 315 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director</td><td>An Independent Director as defined under Section 2(47) of the Companies Act, 2013 and as defined under the Listing Regulations. For details of our Independent Directors, see "Our Management" on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Indian GAAP</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Management Personnel/ KMP</td><td>Key Management Personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1) (bb) of the SEBI Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013. For details, see section titled "Our Management" on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Key Performance Indicator</td></tr><tr><td>Materiality Policy</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board for identification of Group Companies, material outstanding litigation and material outstanding dues to creditors, pursuant to the disclosure requirements under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>MOA / Memorandum /Memorandum of Association</td><td>Memorandum of Association of Q-Line Biotech Limited as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of our Board constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Executive Director</td><td>Non-executive director(s) of our Company, as described in "Our Management" on page 155 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter Group</td><td>Includes such Persons and companies constituting our promoter group covered under Regulation 2(1) (pp) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as enlisted in the section "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" beginning on page 172 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter(s)</td><td>Shall mean promoters of our Company i.e. Saurabh Garg, Amita Garg, Ayush Garg, Ajay Kumar Mahanty and Abhay Agrawal. For further details, please refer to section titled "Our Promoters & Promoter Group" beginning on page 172 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Office of our Company</td><td>The Registered Office of our Company situated at 298-281, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012.</td></tr><tr><td>Restated Financial Statement</td><td>The restated financial information of the Company comprising of the restated financial statement of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the restated financial statement of profit and loss and the restated financial statement of cash flows for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 and the summary of significant accounting policies and explanatory notes and notes to restated financial statement prepared in terms of the Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>RoC / Registrar of Companies</td><td>Registrar of Companies, Kanpur.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI (ICDR) Regulations /ICDR Regulation/ Regulation</td><td>SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 issued by SEBI on September 11, 2018, as amended, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI (Venture Capital) Regulations</td><td>Securities Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Act/ SEBI</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Insider Trading Regulations</td><td>The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015/SEBI Listing Regulations/ Listing Regulations/ SEBI (LODR)</td><td>The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr></table>