<table><tr><td>Ajay Kumar Mahanty</td><td><strong>Ajay Kumar Mahanty - Whole Time Director</strong><br>Ajay Kumar Mahanty, aged 46 years, is one of our Promoters and is also the Whole Time Director on our Board. For further details, i.e., his date of birth, residential address, educational qualifications, experience in business or employment, business and financial activities, special achievements, positions / posts held in the past, other directorships, see "Our Management - Brief biographies of Directors" on page 155.<br><br><strong>Other ventures of our Promoters</strong> - Except as set out in this chapter under heading "Other ventures of our Promoters" and the chapter titled 'Our Management', our Promoters are not involved with any other venture, as a shareholder/stakeholder, proprietor, partner, promoter or director.<br><br>His permanent account number is AKEPM1248C.<br><br>For details of his shareholding, please see "Capital Structure" on page 71.</td></tr><tr><td>Abhay Agrawal</td><td><strong>Abhay Agrawal - Non-Executive Director</strong><br>Abhay Agrawal, aged 46 years, is one of our Promoters and is also the Non-Executive Director on our Board. For further details, i.e., his date of birth, residential address, educational qualifications, experience in business or employment, business and financial activities, special achievements, positions / posts held in the past, other directorships, see "Our Management - Brief biographies of Directors" on page 155.<br><br><strong>Other ventures of our Promoters</strong> - Except as set out in this chapter under heading "Other ventures of our Promoters" and the chapter titled 'Our Management', our Promoters are not involved with any other venture, as a shareholder/stakeholder, proprietor, partner, promoter or director.<br><br>His permanent account number is AJDPA9648L.<br><br>For details of his shareholding, please see "Capital Structure" on page 71.</td></tr><tr><td>Ayush Garg</td><td><strong>Ayush Garg - Non-Executive Director</strong><br>Ayush Garg, aged 23 years, is one of our Promoters and is also the Non-Executive Director on our Board. For further details, i.e., his date of birth, residential address, educational qualifications, experience in business or employment, business and financial activities, special achievements, positions / posts held in the past, other directorships, see "Our Management - Brief biographies of Directors" on page 155.<br><br><strong>Other ventures of our Promoters</strong> - Except as set out in this chapter under heading "Other ventures of our Promoters" and the chapter titled 'Our Management', our Promoters are not involved with any other venture, as a shareholder/stakeholder, proprietor, partner, promoter or director.<br><br>His permanent account number is DFHPG3417N.<br><br>For details of his shareholding, please see "Capital Structure" on page 71.</td></tr></table>

**Confirmations/Declarations:**

In relation to our Promoters, our Company confirms that the PAN, Bank Account Numbers, Passport Number, Aadhaar Card Number and Driving License Number shall be submitted to NSE at the time of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**Undertaking/ Confirmations**

None of our Promoters or Promoter Group or Group Company of our Company has been: