wherein some of our Promoters are partners), is impleaded as a respondent, but the concerned parties do not have access to the case documents. Similarly, a Civil Writ Petition bearing No. 4406 /2023 has been filed by POCT Services against State of Rajasthan and others along with CMS (Civil Miscellaneous Writ Stay Application) No. 4530/2023 and CMS (Civil Miscellaneous Writ Stay Application) No. 8519/2023. Though POCT Services are in possession of petitions filed in Civil Writ Petition bearing No. 4406 /2023 and CMS (Civil Miscellaneous Writ Stay Application) No. 8519/2023, POCT Services is not able to trace the papers filed in CMS (Civil Miscellaneous Writ Stay Application) No. 4530/2023.

As a result, we are unable to ascertain the exact nature, current status, amount involved or the potential outcome of these proceedings. We cannot assure you that legal proceedings will be settled in our favour or at all, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Further, such proceedings could divert our management's time and attention and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. Further, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may affect our reputation, standing with customers and future business, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details of the outstanding litigation proceedings, see "Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments" on page 257.

43. There are certain discrepancies/errors/ non-compliances noticed in some of our corporate records relating to forms filed with the Registrar of Companies and other provisions of Companies Act, 1956/2013. Any penalty or action taken by any regulatory authorities in future, for non-compliance with provisions of corporate and other law could impact the reputation and financial position of the Company to that extent.

Our company has made certain non-compliance with certain statutory provisions in the past including but not limited to the details as mentioned in this risk factor. Our Company has failed to comply with provisions of section 42 of Companies Act, 2013 for allotment of shares on private placement basis on March 30, 2019, June 15, 2020, and September 23, 2021. The Company has voluntarily filed application for adjudication of offence with the Registrar of Companies as a corrective action. Further, our Company has inadvertently not filed Form CHG-1 for creation of charge on certain loans taken from IndusInd Bank Limited, Vivriti Capital Limited, HDFC Bank Limited and Tata Capital Limited, which is non-compliance of section 77 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder and attracts penalty under section 86 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Company has not attached Cash Flow Statement in form AOC-4 for FY 2016-17 and FY 2018-19 and in Form AOC-4 CFS for FY 2018-19. However, the same are available in the Company's records. In addition, our Company has also delayed in filing of some Forms with the ROC which have been later filed with the requisite additional fees. Also, our Company has encountered a series of clerical errors and omissions in various forms submitted to the Registrar of Companies (ROC) over the years, which may result in potential legal or regulatory non-compliance, or delay in obtaining approvals. Further, our company have in the past inadvertently not followed the requirements of AS 15 - Employee benefits, which have been later duly complied with during the preparation of the restatement of account as presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. These errors may have an impact on the accuracy of the financial and statutory records of the Company, raising risks related to corporate governance, investor confidence, and the overall regulatory process. In case of any action being taken by the regulatory authorities against the Company and/or its officers, the same may have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and result of operations.

Although, no show cause notice in respect of the above has been received by the Company till date, any penalty or action taken by any regulatory authorities in future for non-compliance with provisions of corporate and other law could impact the financial position of the Company to that extent.

44. Our Contingent Liability and Commitments could affect our financial position.

As on March 31, 2025, we have contingent liability of Rs. 1929.57 lakhs on Consolidated basis which has been provided in our financial statements and which could affect our financial position.

(Amt in Rs. Lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">As at</th></tr><tr><th>31-03-2025</th><th>31-03-2024</th><th>31-03-2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>(A) Capital Commitment</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Estimated amount of contract remaining to be executed on capital account & not provided for (Capital Advance)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Purchase of Immovable Properties</td><td>-</td><td>579.53</td><td>888.98</td></tr><tr><td>Total (A)</td><td>-</td><td>579.53</td><td>888.98</td></tr><tr><td>(B) Contingent liability in respect of-</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Guarantees given on Behalf of the Company</td><td>714.82</td><td>415.15</td><td>398.60</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax Demand for the AY 2020-21</td><td>15.09</td><td>13.41</td><td>13.41</td></tr><tr><td>Traces Defaults</td><td>-</td><td>3.97</td><td>0.05</td></tr><tr><td>GST Demand</td><td>139.66</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total (B)</td><td>869.57</td><td>432.53</td><td>412.06</td></tr></tbody></table>