* any change in the capital structure, shareholding pattern, ownership, management, or control, including any dilution in the shareholding of our Promoters and Promoter Group;
* any amendments to our constitutional documents;
* undertaking any merger amalgamation, compromise or reconstruction;
* prior repayment of the credit facility;
* effecting any dividend payout in case of delay in debt servicing or breach of any financial covenants; and
* undertaking any new business or operations or project or diversification of business.

These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending the loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing document, and may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. In addition, certain terms of our borrowings require us to comply with covenants by maintaining certain financial ratios. While we have not noticed any incident of non-compliance, we cannot assure you that we will continue to comply with all covenants with respect to our financing arrangements in the future or that we will be able to secure waivers for any such non-compliance in a timely manner or at all. Any future inability to comply with the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary consents required thereunder may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, levy of penal interest, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities and the enforcement of any security provided. If the obligations under any of our financing agreements are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. Further we may be liable to prepayment charges on account of early payment of our loan facilities from IPO proceeds. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness and/or any credit rating we may hold, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements or in the event we had breached any terms in the past which is noticed in the future, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Further we may not be able to obtain more credit facilities if any of the above event occur and our credit rating gets downgraded, which may impact our capex plan, business growth and cash flows.

**15. Any fault or inadequacy in our quality control, not maintaining quality standards or default in manufacturing processes may damage our reputation, business operations and may subject us to regulatory action and expose us to litigation or other liabilities.**

Healthcare companies are generally required to comply with the regulations and quality standards as guided by regulators/authorities in India and other regulatory agencies of the markets in which we operate, We are required to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory approvals, licenses, and registrations to operate our business." Which are mentioned on pages 270, respectively under the chapter heading "Government approvals". Our products may be recalled due to quality issues and changes in the relevant regulatory requirements. While we maintain manufacturing and packaging process controls that enable us to assess any complaints or concerns relating to our products and take corrective measures in a timely manner, we cannot assure you that our products will not be recalled in the future. Any product recall may lead to loss of customer loyalty, damage to our brands and exposure to expensive legal proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Although we are maintaining quality standards and for that we have received ISO Certifications and Good manufacturing practice certificate, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain such standard in the future and may be liable to certain regulatory actions, all of our manufacturing facilities and the products we manufacture are subject to periodic inspection by the relevant regulatory agencies. Any default or inadequacy in our quality control, not maintaining quality standards or default in manufacturing processes may damage our reputation, business operations and may subject us to regulatory action and expose us to litigation or other liabilities.

**16. Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.**

The cost and availability of our capital depends on our credit ratings. Credit ratings reflect the opinion of the rating agency on our management, track record, diversified clientele, increase in scale and operations and margins, medium term revenue visibility and operating cycle. While there has been no downgrading in our credit ratings in the last three Fiscals, however, any revision or change in our credit ratings could increase borrowing costs, result in an event of default under our financing arrangements and adversely affect our access to capital and debt markets, which could in turn adversely affect our interest margins, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

**17. Our Promoters will be able to exercise significant influence and control over us after the Offer and may have interests that are different from or conflict with those of our other shareholders.**

Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group collectively held 96.77% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Post-Offer, the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company. For details of their shareholding pre and post- Offer, see "Capital Structure – Shareholding of our Promoters and the members of our Promoter Group" on page 71. By virtue of their shareholding, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise