the future. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

28. If we fail to retain our existing or acquire additional customers in a cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, if we try to pass on the increased costing to our customers, our customers may choose our competitors over us.

The success of our business depends on the retention and acquisition of new customers and dealing and retaining the existing customers. In the last 3 years we had 819, 989, and 948 customers respectively in the year 2023, 2024 and 2025. We have faced the situation where our customers have fallen below the customer's we had in the previous year. Our customer base may decrease if the competitors start to offer the product at lower range or of better quality than of ours. The situation may also occur where there is a negative publicity of our product, end result of the alternative product available in the market offers better result, our price remains higher among other facots. This may impact our profit margin in the absolute terms and in terms of the profit margin in terms of percentage too, which may create pressure on our overall profitability and in the benchmark of our success factor.

We have not faced any instance of failure to maintain customer base however we do not guarantee of same in the future period. Further if we try to pass the increase cost of our inputs ex. Increased raw material cost, increase charges on account of royalty payment, increased logistic charges to customer, we may lose certain customers as it might not be cost effective for them to purchase goods from us and they may go to our competitors for the same.

29. We are appointing contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations in the department of manufacturing, administration and others for which we may be held responsible for payment of their salary and wages and statutory dues and we may also incur some legal charges if the contractor with whom we have appointed the labour fails to pay such charges and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, in addition to our employees, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage contract labor for performance of certain of our operations in India. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, but we may be held responsible for any salaries, wages, statutory dues in the event of default by such independent contractors. In the past we have not noticed any such event however this does not give guarantee of such failure in the future, As of March 31, 2025, we had engaged 378 contract labourers in connection with our operations. Any requirement to fund their salary, wages, and statutory dues may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further if we face higher attrition of this labour, we may incur higher cost of training as in our industry we have to incur significant cost on training of our employees for production of reagent and machines.

30. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our team makes an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under various laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such laws and regulations. If we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties.

31. Breakdown, mishaps or accidents could result in a loss or slowdown during transportation and could also cause damage to life and property.

The products we are supplying are highly dependent on the large trucks for shipment which are subject to operating risks, including but not limited to accidents & mishaps which could impair our delivery capabilities. Though we take all the possible measure to reduce the risk of any such event/s but there may be events which may be beyond our control. While, till date, there have been no such big notable incident involving mishaps or major accidents, we cannot assure that these may not occur in the future. Further, we rely on third party service providers for shipment of our products and any mishaps or accidents happening with these service providers may also adversely affect our operations. Any consequential losses arising due to such events will affect our operations and financial condition. Consequently, we may be held liable for losses due to damage to our customers' products. Any breach of our obligations