Q-Line Biotech Limited

# HISTORY AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

## Brief history of our Company:

Our Company was originally incorporated as “POCT Services Private Limited” on November 10, 2010 as a Private limited company under the Companies Act, 1956, pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated November 10, 2010, issued by the Assistant Registrar of Companies, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand bearing CIN U74120UP2010PTC042528. Subsequently, pursuant to a special resolution passed by our shareholders in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on June 12, 2021, the name of our Company was changed to “Q-Line Biotech Private Limited and a fresh certificate of incorporation pursuant to change of name dated July 23, 2021 was issued to our Company by the Registrar of Companies, Kanpur. Further, pursuant to a special resolution passed by our Shareholders in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on February 19, 2025, our Company was converted from a private limited company to public limited company and consequently the name of our Company was changed to “Q-Line Biotech Limited”, and a fresh certificate of incorporation dated March 08, 2025 was issued to our Company by the Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre. The CIN of the Company is U74120UP2010PLC042528.

Saurabh Garg, Amita Garg and Pushplata Garg were the initial subscribers to the Memorandum of Association of our Company.

## Our Locations –

<table><thead><tr><td>Purpose</td><td>Address</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Registered Office and Manufacturing Plant</td><td>298-281, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 3105, Gindan Khera, Amausi Station Road, Nadarganj, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226008</td></tr><tr><td>Proposed Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No-C-42, Industrial Area Amausi, Tehsil Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226008</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 276, Behtwa, Amausi, Station Road, Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226009</td></tr><tr><td>Future Use</td><td>KH-864, Amausi, Gram Anaura, Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226008</td></tr><tr><td>Warehouse</td><td>E-27, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road Scheme, Ashiyana, Lucknow, Kanpur Road Scheme, Phase-II, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012</td></tr><tr><td>Administration Building</td><td>Plot No. 1, Pocket H, Sector 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, North West Delhi, Delhi- 110028</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 2, Pocket H, Sector 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, North West Delhi, Delhi, 110039</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 3, Pocket H, Sector 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, North West Delhi, Delhi, 110039</td></tr><tr><td>Branch office & Warehouse</td><td>C-108, Nariana Industrial Area, Phase - I, New Delhi – 110028</td></tr><tr><td>Used for scrap and unused material</td><td>298, Pocket - D, Sector - 5, Bawana Industrial Complex, Bawana, Delhi – 110039, India</td></tr><tr><td>Branch Office</td><td>1-FR, FB-161, 1766 Raj Danga Main Rd, Kolkata, Kolkata, West Bengal – 700107, India\</td></tr><tr><td>Branch Office</td><td>Anand Bhavan, Plot No. 441/1621/1807 Divyanagar, Nuagoan, Side Lane of Indian Oil Petrol Pump, Nuagaon, Bhubaneshwar, Odisha, Khordha, Odisha – 751002</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Changes in Registered Office of the Company since Incorporation:

Except as mentioned below, there has not been any change in our Registered Office since incorporation of the Company till the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

<table><thead><tr><td>Effective Date</td><td>From</td><td>To</td><td>Reason for change</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>August 07, 2012</td><td>280/9 Blunt Square, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226004</td><td>280/9/KHA, Blunt Square, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226004</td><td>Due to administrative convenience</td></tr><tr><td>January 04, 2018</td><td>280/9/KHA, Blunt Square, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226004</td><td>298-281, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012</td><td>For better operational efficiency</td></tr></tbody></table>

149