10. The Factories Act, 1948 (“Factories Act”)

The Factories Act seeks to regulate labour employed in factories and makes provisions for the safety, health and welfare of the workers. Additionally, the state governments are empowered to make rules requiring the registration or licensing of factories or any class of factories. An occupier of a factory under the Factories Act, means the person who has ultimate control over the affairs of the factory. The occupier or manager of the factory is required to obtain a registration for the factory. The Factories Act also requires inter alia the maintenance of various registers dealing with safety, labour standards, holidays and extent of child labour including their conditions. Further, notice of accident or dangerous occurrence in the factory is to be provided to the inspector by the manager of the factory. The Factories Act requires that the occupier of a factory, i.e., the person who has ultimate control over the affairs of the factory and in the case of a company, any one of the directors, must ensure the health, safety and welfare of all workers especially in respect of safety and proper maintenance of the factory, such that it does not pose health risks, the safe use, handling, storage and transport of factory articles and substances, provision of adequate instruction, training and supervision to ensure workers' health and safety, cleanliness and safe working conditions. The Factories Act also provides for fines to be paid and imprisonment of the manager of the factory in case of any contravention of the provisions of the Factories Act.

11. The Legal Metrology Act, 2009 and the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011

The Legal Metrology Act, 2009 (“Legal Metrology Act”) replaces the Standards of Weights and Measures Act, 1976 and the Standards of Weights and Measures (Enforcement) Act, 1985. The Legal Metrology Act seeks to establish and enforce standards of weights and measures, regulate trade and commerce in weights, measures and other goods which are sold or distributed by weight, measure or number and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. The Legal Metrology Act inter-alia requires any person who manufactures, repairs or sells, or offers, exposes or possesses for repair or sale, any weight or measure, to obtain a license issued by the Controller of Legal Metrology. It has been clarified that no license to repair is required by a manufacturer for repair of his own weight or measure in a State other than the State of manufacture of the same. The Legal Metrology Act inter-alia provides that any person who is required to obtain a license under the Legal Metrology Act or the rules made thereunder, repairs or sells, or offers, exposes or possesses for repair or sale, any weight or measure, without being in possession of a valid license, will be punished in the first instance with fine and for a subsequent offence, with imprisonment and/or fine.

In this regard, the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011 (“LM Rules”) were framed which lays down specific provisions governing the packaging and labelling of commodities. These rules are applicable to packages intended for retail sale, wholesale packages and for export of packaged commodities and registration of manufacturers, packers and importers. Also, States may frame State specific rules under the Act to provide for the time limits for verification of weights and measures, maintenance of registers and records, stipulating the manner of notifying government authorities, fees for compounding of offences etc. Further, the Legal Metrology (Government Approved Test Centre) Rules, 2013 have laid down specifications regarding verification of weights and measures specified therein by Government approved test centers.

12. Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016

The Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 (“BIS Act”) provides for the establishment of the Bureau of Indian Standards (“BIS”) for the harmonious development of the activities of standardization, conformity assessment and quality assurance of goods, articles, processes, systems and services. The BIS Act for the functions of the BIS which includes, among others, (a) recognizing as an Indian standard, any standard established for any article or process by any other institution in India or elsewhere; (b) specifying a standard mark which shall be of such design and contain such particulars as may be prescribed to represent a particular Indian standard; and (c) undertake testing of samples for purposes other than for conformity assessment and (d) undertake activities related to legal metrology. The BIS Act empowers the Central Government in consultation with the BIS to order compulsory use of standard mark for any goods or process if it finds it expedient to do so in public interest. The BIS Act also provides the penalties in case there is a contravention of the provisions of the BIS Act.

13. The Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 (the “FSSA”) and rules and regulations made thereunder

The FSSA was enacted with a view to consolidate the laws relating to food and to establish the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (“FSSAI”) for laying down scientific standards for articles of food and to regulate their manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and import to ensure availability of safe and wholesome food for human consumption. Section 16 of the FSSA lays down the functions and duties of the FSSAI including duty to provide scientific advice and technical support to the Government of India and the state governments in framing the policy and rules relating to food safety and nutrition. The FSSA sets out requirements for licensing and registering food businesses, general principles for food safety, and responsibilities of the food business operator and liability of manufacturers and sellers. The FSSA also lays down penalties for various offences including the recall procedures.