Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><tr><td>Registration Act</td><td>Registration Act, 1908</td></tr><tr><td>ROE</td><td>Return on Equity</td></tr><tr><td>R&D</td><td>Research & Development</td></tr><tr><td>RONW</td><td>Return on Net Worth</td></tr><tr><td>RTGS</td><td>Real Time Gross Settlement</td></tr><tr><td>SBO Rules</td><td>Significant Beneficial Owners, Rules, 2018</td></tr><tr><td>SCRA</td><td>Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, as amended from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>SCRR</td><td>Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>SICSPL</td><td>Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>SME</td><td>Small and Medium Enterprises</td></tr><tr><td>SCSB</td><td>Self-Certified syndicate Banks</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Act</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI AIF Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternate Investments Funds) Regulations, 2012, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FPI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI FVCI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Insider Trading Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI LODR/SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations/Listing Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 2015, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI (PFUTP) Regulations / PFUTP Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Markets) Regulations, 2003</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Regulations/ SEBI ICDR Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI SBEB Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations / Takeover Regulations / Takeover Code</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI VCF Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India</td></tr><tr><td>STT</td><td>Securities Transaction Tax</td></tr><tr><td>Sub-Account</td><td>Sub-accounts registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investor) Regulations, 1995, other than sub-accounts which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals.</td></tr><tr><td>Sec.</td><td>Section</td></tr><tr><td>SPV</td><td>Special Purpose Vehicle</td></tr><tr><td>TAN</td><td>Tax Deduction Account Number</td></tr><tr><td>TRS</td><td>Transaction Registration Slip</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Marks Act</td><td>Trade Marks Act, 1999</td></tr><tr><td>TIN</td><td>Taxpayers Identification Number</td></tr><tr><td>UIN</td><td>Unique identification number</td></tr><tr><td>U.N.</td><td>United Nations</td></tr><tr><td>US/United States</td><td>United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>USD/ US$/ $</td><td>United States Dollar, the official currency of the United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. GAAP</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>VAT</td><td>Value Added Tax</td></tr><tr><td>VCF / Venture Capital Fund</td><td>Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.</td></tr><tr><td>WDV</td><td>Written Down Value</td></tr></table>

14