The term “experts” and consent thereof does not represent an expert or consent within the meaning under the U.S. Securities Act.

## Inter-Se Allocation of responsibilities

The responsibilities and coordination by the Book Running Lead Managers for various activities in the Issue are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Activity</td><td>Responsibility</td><td>Co-ordinator</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Due diligence of the Company including its operations/ management/ business plans/ legal etc. Drafting and design of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Red Herring Prospectus, Prospectus, abridged prospectus and application form. The BRLMs shall ensure compliance with stipulated requirements and completion of prescribed formalities with the Stock Exchanges, RoC and SEBI including finalization of Prospectus and RoC filing.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Capital structuring with the relative components and formalities such as type of instruments, size of issue, allocation between primary and secondary, etc.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Drafting and approval of all statutory advertisement.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Appointment of intermediaries - Registrar to the Issue, advertising agency, Banker(s) to the Issue, Sponsor Bank, printer and other intermediaries, including coordination of all agreements to be entered into with such intermediaries.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Preparation of road show presentation and frequently asked questions.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited & Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited & Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Institutional, Non-Institutional and Retail Marketing of the Issue.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited & Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited & Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Coordination with Stock Exchanges for bidding terminals, mock trading</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Finalization of pricing in consultation with the Company.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited & Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited & Share India Capital Services Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Post bidding activities including management of escrow accounts, coordinate non-institutional allocation, coordination with Registrar, SCSBs, Sponsor Banks and other Bankers to the Issue, intimation of allocation and dispatch of refund to Bidders, etc.<br>Coordinating with Stock Exchanges and SEBI for submission of all post-Issue reports including the final post-Issue report to SEBI.</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td><td>Hem Securities Limited</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Monitoring Agency

As per SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, appointment of monitoring agency is required only if Issue size exceeds ₹ 5,000 Lakhs. As the size of the Issue exceeds ₹ 5,000 Lakhs, our Company will appoint [●] as the Monitoring Agency to monitor the utilisation of the Net Proceeds, in accordance with Regulation 262 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details in relation to the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, see “Objects of the Issue” on page 86. Further, the company will submit a certificate of the statutory auditor for utilization of money raised through the public issue while filing the financial results, till the issue proceeds are fully utilized in terms of SEBI ICDR regulations.