Q-Line Biotech Limited

Shares of our Company. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus does not, however, constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to subscribe for Equity Shares offered hereby in any jurisdiction other than India to any person to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or invitation in such jurisdiction. Any person into whose possession this Draft Red Herring Prospectus comes is required to inform himself or herself about, and to observe, any such restrictions.

No action has been, or will be, taken to permit a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. Accordingly, the Equity Shares represented hereby may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction, except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. Neither the delivery of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus nor any sale hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of our Company from the date hereof or that the information contained herein is correct as of any time subsequent to this date.

**Disclaimer Clause of the SME Platform of NSE (NSE Emerge):**

As required, a copy of this Offer Document has been submitted to National Stock Exchange of India Limited (hereinafter referred to as NSE). NSE has given vide its letter [●] permission to the Issuer to use the Exchange's name in this Offer Document as one of the stock exchanges on which this Issuer's securities are proposed to be listed. The Exchange has scrutinized draft offer document for its limited internal purpose of deciding on the matter of granting the aforesaid permission to this Issuer. It is to be distinctly understood that the aforesaid permission given by NSE should not in any way be deemed or construed that the offer document has been cleared or approved by NSE; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of the contents of this offer document; nor does it warrant that this Issuer's securities will be listed or will continue to be listed on the Exchange; nor does it take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of this Issuer, its Promoter, its management or any scheme or project of this Issuer. Every person who desires to apply for or otherwise acquire any securities of this Issuer may do so pursuant to independent inquiry, investigation and analysis and shall not have any claim against the Exchange whatsoever by reason of any loss which may be suffered by such person consequent to or in connection with such subscription /acquisition whether by reason of anything stated or omitted to be stated herein or any other reason whatsoever.

**Disclaimer Clause under Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act:**

The Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any state securities laws in the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, "U.S. persons" (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Equity Shares will be offered and sold outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those offers and sales occur. The Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any other jurisdiction outside India and may not be offered or sold, and Applications may not be made by persons in any such jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction.

Further, each Applicant where required agrees that such Applicant will not sell or transfer any Equity Shares or create any economic interest therein, including any off-shore derivative instruments, such as participatory notes, issued against the Equity Shares or any similar security, other than pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with applicable laws and legislations in each jurisdiction, including India.

**Filing**

The Draft Red Herring Prospectus is being filed with National Stock Exchange of India Limited, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051, Maharashtra, India.

The Draft Red Herring Prospectus will not be filed with SEBI, nor will SEBI issue any observation on the Offer Document in terms of Regulation 246(2) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. Pursuant to Regulation 246(5) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and SEBI Circular Number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2018/011 dated January 19, 2018, a copy of Prospectus will be filed online through SEBI Intermediary Portal at https://siportal.sebi.gov.in.

A copy of the Red Herring Prospectus, along with the material contracts and documents required to be filed under Section 26 & 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 was filed to the RoC and a copy of the Prospectus to be filed under Section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013 will be filed to the RoC through the electronic portal at http://www.mca.gov.in.

**Listing:**

The Equity Shares of our Company are proposed to be listed on NSE Emerge. Our Company has obtained in-principal approval from NSE by way of its letter dated [●] for listing of equity shares on NSE Emerge (SME Platform of NSE).