Q-Line Biotech Limited

Notes:

1) The Issue is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time. This Issue is being made by our company in terms of Regulation of 229(2) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations read with Rule 19(2)(b)(i) of SCRR wherein not less than 25% of the post - issue paid up equity share capital of our company are being offered to the public for subscription. For further details please refer to section "Issue Structure" beginning on page 340 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

2) The Issue has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held on September 27, 2025 and by the Shareholder of our Company, vide a special resolution passed pursuant to Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on September 27, 2025.

3) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider a Pre-IPO placement of up to 8,00,000 Equity Shares prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, the number of Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre- IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Issue, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre- IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre- IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue, or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Details of Pre- IPO Placement, if undertaken shall be included in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.

4) The SEBI (ICDR) Regulations permit the issue of securities to the public through the Book Building Process, which states that, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Individual Bidders and not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted on a proportionate basis to QIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Accordingly, we have allocated the Net Issue i.e. not more than 50% of the Net Issue to QIB and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors who applies for minimum application size and not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to non-institutional bidders. Further, (a) 1/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹ 10 lakhs and (b) 2/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹ 10 lakhs. Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (a) or (b), could be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of NIBs. The allocation to each NIB shall not be less than the minimum NIB Application Size, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, was available for allocation on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

5) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws.

Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders in proportion to their Bids. For further details, please refer section titled "Issue Procedure" beginning on page 344 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.