Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><tr><td></td><td>IPO Placement is undertaken, the number of Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the offer, or the offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Details of Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken shall be included in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.<br>The Issue comprises the Market Maker Reservation Portion.</td></tr><tr><td>Listing Agreement</td><td>The Equity Listing Agreement to be signed between our Company and the Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Lot Size</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Market Making Agreement</td><td>The Market Making Agreement dated [●] between our Company, Book Running Lead Managers and the Market Maker.</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker</td><td>The Market Maker to the Issue, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker Reservation Portion</td><td>The reserved portion of [●] Equity Shares of ₹ 10/- each at an Issue price of ₹ [●] each aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs to be subscribed by Market Maker in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Mandate Request</td><td>Mandate Request means a request initiated on the Individual bidders by sponsor bank to authorize blocking of funds equivalent to the application amount and subsequent debit to funds in case of allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>Mobile App(s)</td><td>The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=43 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by UPI Bidders to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between our Company and the Monitoring Agency dated [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Funds</td><td>A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>5% of the Net QIB Portion, or [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds received from the Issue excluding Issue related expenses. For further information on the use of Issue Proceeds and Issue expenses, please refer to the section titled "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 86 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>Non - Resident</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Investors/Non-Institutional Bidders</td><td>All Bidders, including FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, registered with the SEBI that are not QIBs (including Anchor Investors) or Individual Investors, who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount of more than Rs. 200,000 (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion/ Non-Institutional Category</td><td>The portion of the Issue being not less than 15% of the Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each of which (a) One-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10,00,000/- and (b) Two-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹ 10,00,000/- subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Overseas Corporate Body/OCB</td><td>A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to the extent of at least 60% by NRIs, including overseas trusts in which not less than 60% of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly as defined under the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time. OCSBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Payment through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Person / Persons</td><td>Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted and / or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires</td></tr><tr><td>Pre-IPO Placement</td><td>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a Pre-IPO placement of up to 8,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is undertaken, the number of Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR.</td></tr></table>

7