Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><tr><td>Debtors</td><td>The historical holding days of trade receivables has been ranging from 47 days to 96 days during the financial year 2022-23 to financial year 2024-25. As per the current credit terms and prevalent trend of the industry & in order to expand company's operations, the holding level for debtors is anticipated at 120 and 127 days which is in line with the expected increase in revenue from operations and to support the working capital requirements to fulfil the orders as per our order book for the financial year 2025-26 and 2026-27 respectively.<br/><br/>By offering flexibility, Company expect to stimulate increased sales volume and foster stronger customer relationships. This adjustment aligns with our strategy to expand operations while ensuring financial sustainability.</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory</td><td>The historical holding days of inventories has been in range of 180 days to 413 days during the financial year 2022-23 to financial year 2024-25. However, inventory levels are increased throughout the year to align with anticipated market demand and fulfil the order book. Company aims to maintain the inventory holding level to 247 days and 241 days for the financial year 2025-26 and 2026-27 respectively.</td></tr><tr><td>Creditors</td><td>Past trend of Trade payables holding days has been in the range of 139 days to 155 days approximately during the financial year 2022-23 to 2024-25. However, with additional working capital funding, our Company intends to reduce trade payable to 60 days and 50 days during the financial year 2025-26 and Financial Year 2026-27 respectively to avail competitive purchase price to increase overall profitability of our Company. By reducing the time, to settle its payables Company aim to negotiate more favourable terms and conditions with its suppliers, enabling it to access competitive pricing for the goods we procure.</td></tr></table>

Further the increased operation will also contribute for the additional requirement towards Advance tax, Advance to Suppliers and Security Deposits.

Note: The details included in the above table have been certified by our peer review Statutory Auditors pursuant to their certificate dated September 24, 2025.

## 2. Repayment of certain borrowing availed by our Company, in part or full

As on September 24, 2025, our total outstanding fund-based borrowings from Banks and financial institutions amounted to ₹ 1,6494.98 lakhs. Our Company proposes to utilize an estimated amount of ₹ 9000.00 lakhs proceeds towards full or partial repayment or pre-payment of certain borrowings availed from the lenders by our Company. Our Company has entered into various financial arrangements from time to time, with banks, financial institutions and other parties. The loan facilities availed by our Company include borrowing in the form of, inter alia, term loans and working capital facility from various lenders. For further details, see "Statement of Financial Indebtedness" on page 241 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company proposes to utilize an estimated amount of ₹ 9000.00 lakhs from the Net Proceeds towards full or partial repayment or pre-payment of certain borrowings, listed below, availed from the lenders by our Company. Pursuant to the terms of the financing arrangements, prepayment of certain borrowings may attract prepayment charges as prescribed by the respective lender. Such prepayment charges, as applicable, will be funded from the internal accruals of our Company. We believe that such repayment/ pre-payment will help reduce our outstanding indebtedness, debt servicing costs, assist us in maintaining a favorable debt to equity ratio and enable utilization of our internal accruals for further investment in our business growth and expansion. Additionally, we believe that the leverage capacity of our Company will improve our ability to raise further resources in the future to fund our potential business development opportunities and plans to grow and expand our business. The details of the borrowings availed by our Company, which are proposed to be fully or partially repaid or pre-paid from the Net Proceeds is mentioned below:

(In lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Name of the lender</td><td>Nature of the borrowing</td><td>Loan Agreement No.</td><td>Sanctioned Amount</td><td>Rate of interest (%)</td><td>Purpose for which the loan was sanctioned*</td><td>Outstanding balance as on 31.08.2025(in Lakhs)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>HDFC Bank Limited</td><td>Business Loan</td><td>163973495</td><td>1,630.00</td><td>11.00%</td><td>Working Capital Requirement</td><td>1,630.00</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>HDFC Bank Limited</td><td>Project Loan</td><td>87041070</td><td>5,225.00</td><td>7.95%</td><td>Factory Setup</td><td>3,653.17</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Vivriti Capital Limited</td><td>Business Loan</td><td>CC020000477</td><td>3,800.00</td><td>12.50%</td><td>Working Capital requirement and repayment of existing debts excluding promoter debts</td><td>4,884.26</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>OXYZO FINANCIAL SERVICES PVT. LTD.</td><td>Business Loan -LAP</td><td>OXYTL01NZWD</td><td>675.00</td><td>11.95%-(OBLR-)</td><td>Working Capital Requirement</td><td>467.44</td></tr></tbody></table>