Maintaining, protecting and enhancing our brand and reputation are critical to the success of our business. We may be required to expend resources and finances to enhance and strengthen our brand through innovations, marketing campaigns, enhance user experience and maintain our market standing, including with regulators and community as a whole, among others. Further any regulatory action, litigation and government investigations against us could adversely impact our reputation and brand. In addition, because we operate across India and in various market categories, an adverse impact on our brand or reputation in one market or segment can adversely affect our other businesses. However, we have not faced any such situation but this does give us guarantee of non-occurrence of these events in future.

**36. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary.**

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including in "*Our Business – Description of Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities-Production Capacity and Capacity Utilization*" on page 123, are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities. These assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practice of the healthcare industry after examining the calculations and explanations our Company and its subsidiaries and the equipment installed at the facilities. In addition, the information relating to the actual production at our manufacturing facilities are based on, amongst other things, the examination of our internal production records, the period during which our manufacturing facilities operate in a year, expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies. Further, capacity utilization has been calculated on the basis of actual production during the relevant period divided by the aggregate installed capacity of relevant manufacturing facilities as of at the end of the relevant period. Accordingly, actual production levels and rates may differ from the installed capacity information of our facilities or historical installed capacity information of our facilities depending on the product type. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**37. Our business is dependent on the volume of the goods we sell to achieve the optimum level of profits, if we are not able to achieve the volumes we will end up incurring losses on account of fixed cost.**

Our business is dependent on the availability of sufficient volumes which should be well enough to cover the variable and fixed costs, if we are not able to achieve the optimum level of volumes, we will end up incurring losses on account of fixed cost and variable cost. Further, difficulties with internal processes or other external adverse influences could lead to shortfalls in revenue. As a result, the success of our business depends on our ability to optimize volumes and revenues. If we are unable to succeed sufficiently at these tasks, we may not be able to achieve acceptable operating or net profit margins, and our business, results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected.

**38. We are dependent on third parties for the supply of utilities, such as water, gas and electricity, at our manufacturing facilities and any disruption in the supply of such utilities could adversely affect our manufacturing operations.**

Our business is dependent on the delivery of an adequate and uninterrupted supply of electricity, water and natural gas at a reasonable cost. We procure utilities, such as water and electricity, from third parties for use at our manufacturing facilities. Reliance on third parties for such utilities exposes us to risks such as shortage or breakdown in supply, the correction of which is in the hands of such third parties. Any interruption in the continuous supply of water, gas, coal and electricity may negatively impact our manufacturing processes, which may result in delays in delivery of our products or non-delivery, resulting in loss of revenue and damage to our reputation or customer relationships. In case of the unavailability of any supply from, any of our utility providers for any reason, we are unable to assure you that we shall be able to source such utilities from alternate sources in a timely manner and at a commercially reasonable cost, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

**39. Unsecured loans taken by us/our Subsidiaries/Associates can be recalled at any time.**

We, our subsidiaries/associates, from time to time, availed unsecured loans. Such loans can be recalled (in part or full) at any time. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or discharging any obligations thereunder could have a material adverse effect on our/subsidiaries'/associates business, financial condition and results of operations.

**40. We are exposed to the high holding period for debtors for the finished goods supplied which can impact our working capital requirement and also impacts our cash flows.**

We are exposed to higher credit period to our customers. As at March 31, 2025, 2024 & 2023, there were outstanding trade receivables of Rs. 8260.25 Lakhs, Rs. 2644.36 lakhs, and Rs. 3305.76 lakhs respectively on Consolidated basis. The holding period for these