Q-Line Biotech Limited

# KEY INDUSTRY REGULATIONS AND POLICIES

In carrying on our business as described in the section titled "Our Business" on page 123 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company is regulated by the following legislations in India. The following description is a summary of the relevant regulations and policies as prescribed by the Government of India and other regulatory bodies that are applicable to our business. The information detailed in this chapter has been obtained from the various legislations, including rules and regulations promulgated by the regulatory bodies and the bye laws of the local authorities that are available in the public domain. The regulations and policies set out below may not be exhaustive and are only intended to provide general information to the investors and are neither designed nor intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. For details of Government Approvals obtained by the Company in compliance with these regulations, see "Government and Other Statutory Approvals" on page 270 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

We are engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing and marketing of diverse range of reagents (including kits and POC devices) & consumables and manufacturing, importing, distribution/supply of diagnostic equipment for different diagnostic healthcare needs. Our company supplies diagnostic equipment and IVD products for different diagnostic healthcare needs since 2013 directly or through our distributor/s majorly to diagnostic service providers, hospitals and medical colleges. The company has established its brands over a period of 12 years through its experience, R & D, manufacturing capabilities and quality assurance. The core segments of operations of Q-Line in IVD Industry include Clinical Chemistry, Haematology, Immunodiagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Others (POC Devices & Rapids).

Our business is governed by various central and state legislations that regulate the substantive and procedural aspects of our Company's business. Our Company is required to obtain and regularly renew certain licenses/ registrations and/or permissions required statutorily under the provisions of various Central and State Government regulations, rules, bye-laws, acts and policies.

Given below is a brief description of the certain relevant legislations that are currently applicable to the business carried on by our Company:

## A. INDUSTRY RELATED LEGISLATION

### 1. The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 (the "DCA") and the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945 (the "DCA Rules")

The DCA regulates the import, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs and cosmetics and prohibits the import, manufacture and sale of certain drugs and cosmetics which are, inter alia, misbranded, adulterated, spurious or harmful. The DCA and DCA Rules specify the requirement of a license for the manufacture or sale of any drug or cosmetic including for the purpose of examination, testing or analysis. It further mandates that every person holding a license must keep and maintain such records, registers and other documents as may be prescribed which may be subject to inspection by the relevant authorities. Any violations of the provisions of the DCA, including those pertaining to the manufacturing and import of spurious drugs, non-disclosure of specified information and a failure to keep the required documents are punishable with a fine, or imprisonment or both.

The DCA Rules lay down the functions of the central drugs laboratory established under Section 6 of the DCA. Under the DCA Rules, an import license is required for importing drugs. The form and manner of application for import license has also been provided under the DCA Rules.

### 2. Medical Devices Rules, 2017 ("Medical Devices Rules")

The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation ("CDSCO") published the Medical Devices Rules which came into force on January 1, 2018. These rules regulate the clinical investigation, manufacture, import, sale and distribution of the medical devices in the country. CDSCO has expanded the scope of products falling under medical device regulation in the country, and also established an expedited registration route for some devices. CDSCO announced these changes through Medical Device (Amendment) Rules, 2020. With the amendment CDSCO expanded the definition of a medical device and aligned it more closely with that of the Global Harmonization Task Force, effectively increasing the scope of products that will require registration as devices in order to be sold in India. Further, a new registration route for qualifying manufacturers has been setup wherein the documents and certificates required for registration may be uploaded for regulatory review via an online portal.

### 3. The Essential Commodities Act, 1955 (the "ECA")

The ECA empowers the Central Government, to control production, supply and distribution, trade and commerce in certain essential commodities for maintaining or increasing supplies or for securing their equitable distribution and availability at fair prices or for securing any essential commodity for the defence of India or the efficient conduct of military operations. Using the powers under it, various ministries/departments of the Central Government have issued control orders for regulating production, distribution, quality aspects, movement and prices pertaining to the commodities which are essential and administered by them. The State Governments have also issued various control orders to regulate various aspects of trading in essential commodities