Q-Line Biotech Limited

We may similarly be required to furnish guarantees in the future to secure the financial obligations of our Subsidiaries and in the event that any corporate guarantees provided by us are invoked, we may be required to pay the amount outstanding under such facilities availed, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition.

**23. We are required to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory approvals, licenses, and registrations to operate our business.**

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, including regulations implemented by regulators such as the Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare ("CDSCO"), The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 (the "DCA") and the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945 (the "DCA Rules") and The Drugs, Medical Devices and Cosmetics Bill, 2022 (the "Drugs Bill, 2022") among others as mentioned in the chapter Key Industry Regulation and Policies on page 139 Such requisite licenses, permits and authorizations pertain to the manufacturing industry and include, among others, local land use permits, manufacturing permits, building and zoning permits, and environmental, health and safety permits. For details of material approvals required for our operations, including applications made for material approvals that have expired and have not yet been renewed, see "Government and Other Approvals" beginning on page 270. We are also required to comply with the regulations and quality standards stipulated by regulators in other jurisdictions where we market and sell our products from time to time and have ongoing obligations to regulatory authorities in such markets.

The cost of acquiring authorizations and approvals for conducting our business can be substantial. While we have not had any material instances of failure to obtain, maintain or renew approvals, licenses, and registrations required to conduct our businesses in India in the past three Financial Years, we cannot assure you that approvals, licenses and registrations will be successfully granted or renewed in the future. We also cannot assure you that they will not be suspended or revoked in the future. Failure to obtain, maintain or renew the approvals, licenses and registrations required to operate our business could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, the local laws of certain countries impose restrictions on the grant of product registrations and manufacturing licenses to foreign entities. These laws compel us to enter into agreements with local distributors in order to apply for and obtain these registrations and licenses in their name. As a result, certain approvals for the marketing of our products in certain jurisdictions are held by such distributors and have been obtained by local distributors in such jurisdictions, and not by us. If the parties that hold such approvals default in complying with the terms of such approvals, this could result in regulatory actions and our inability to market our products in those countries, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

**24. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.**

Our production and distribution processes require us to anticipate the demand for our products based on the feedback received from our own marketing personnel, as well as distributors. Accurate assessments of market demand require significant investment in our sales and marketing network and training of marketing personnel. Also, we need to assess the terms of the agreement with our distributors which may not be favourable to us. Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our reagents, machines and consumer healthcare products from our customers. As of March 31, 2025, our total inventories amounted on consolidated basis to ₹9021.34 Lakhs or 19.80% of our total assets as of the same date on Consolidated basis. We maintain a reasonable level of inventory of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade. While we seek to fairly accurately forecast the demand for our products and, accordingly, plan our production volumes, there is no guarantee that our estimate of market demand for our products in India or our overseas markets will be accurate. If we underestimate such demand or have inadequate capacity, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products and machines than required and be unable to meet the demand for our products, which could result in the loss of business or constraints in cash flows. For details of our past capacity utilization, see "Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities – Capacity and Capacity Utilization" on page 123.

A number of factors may reduce the end-user demand for our products including, among other things, an over-supply on account of increased competition. On the other hand, we may overestimate demand or demand from our customers may slow down, which would result in surplus stock that we may not be able to sell in a timely manner. Although we have capabilities to store certain levels of excess output, each of our products has a specific shelf life. Our profitability may be affected if such products are not sold prior to their expiry. As of March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 we have carried out inventory write-down amounting to ₹194.36 Lakhs, ₹25.22 Lakhs, and ₹0.00 Lakhs, respectively on Consolidated basis. Thus, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

**25. We may face pricing pressure from our competitors, local or state government as a result of low-cost alternative products in the market, Implementation of pricing policies by the Government or other authorities at lower price that we will be able to respond adequately to such pricing pressure.**