7. Our operations are concentrated in North India, and any loss of business in such region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are currently catering to 26 states and union territories in India, as of March 31, 2025, but a significant portion of our operations are concentrated in the states of Uttar Pradesh and Union territory of Delhi in North India. We derived 80.50%, 78.24% and 77.93% of our revenue from operations from Northen region for the financial years 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively on standalone basis. We also derived 72.25%, 65.95% and 68.51% of our revenue from operations from Uttar Pradesh for the financial years 2025, 2024, and 2023 respectively on standalone basis. In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in North India, or any other developments including political or civil unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn that reduce the demand for our products in the Northen region, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

8. Our Company requires a significant amount of working capital for continuing growth. Our inability to meet our working capital requirements may adversely affect our results of operations.

Our Company's business operations require a significant amount of working capital. In our business, working capital is often required for our day-to-day business operations including managing raw material purchases, freight, labour charges and other expenses. In the event we are unable to source the required amount of working capital, we might not be able to efficiently satisfy the demand and preferences of our customers in a timely manner or at all. Even if we are able to source the required amount of funds, we cannot assure you that such funds would be sufficient to meet our cost estimates and that any increase in the expenses will not affect our business. There exists a substantial requirement of working capital and financing in the form of fund and non-fund based working capital facilities to meet our requirements. The details of our working capital for the projected (Standalone), estimated and audited period are as follows:

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">Audited(Restated)</th><th colspan="2">Projected</th></tr><tr><th>31-March 23</th><th>31-March 24</th><th>31-March 25</th><th>31-March 26</th><th>31-March 27</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Current assets</td><td>8,609.12</td><td>16,962.12</td><td>21,728.56</td><td>30,719.46</td><td>40,317.82</td></tr><tr><td>Current Liability</td><td>4,880.81</td><td>7,839.87</td><td>9,654.37</td><td>11,576.19</td><td>12,341.60</td></tr><tr><td>Working Capital</td><td>3,728.31</td><td>9,122.25</td><td>12,074.19</td><td>19,143.27</td><td>27,976.22</td></tr></tbody></table>

9. Our company has experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in the last three Fiscal years and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future which could have an impact on our business and operations.

We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities as set out in the table below:

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>March-25</th><th>March-24</th><th>March-23</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net cash from operating activities</td><td>(128.45)</td><td>(2417.94)</td><td>2496.86</td></tr></tbody></table>

Such negative cash flows from operating activities were mainly attributable to the increase in working capital requirements which was on account of increased business operations and allowance of more credit period to our debtors, holding higher inventory and lower credit period of trade payables. The net negative cash flows from operating activities in Fiscal 2025 and 2024 was ₹ (128.45) and (2417.94) Lakhs on account of incremental working capital requirement. Negative operating cash flows over extended periods, or negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For details, see "Financial Information of our Company" on page 179.

10. Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations.

We are exposed to interest rate risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates on our borrowings from banks, NBFC's with floating interest rates. As of March 31, 2025 on standalone basis, our total borrowings from these banks and NBFC's was ₹15,807.19 Lakhs which have been taken on various interest rates on secured and unsecured basis. Please refer the chapter title "statement of financial indebtedness" or Note B, B(A) and B(B) of the restated financials beginning on page no. 241. We do not currently enter into interest hedging arrangements to hedge against interest rate risk. Upward fluctuations in interest rates may increase our borrowing costs, which could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with lower levels of indebtedness. As a result, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. Also, the early payment on account of violation of any of the covenants may lead to liquidity problems or cash shortage. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

11. We depend on a limited number of customers for our revenue from operations, the loss of any of these Customers individually or severally could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and could have impacted our financial strength.