Q-Line Biotech Limited

(ii) Approvals obtained by the Company for the premises situated at DSIIC's Industrial built-up property bearing no. 2, Pocket-H, Sector-5, Bawana Industrial Area, Bawana, Delhi- 110028.

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Description</td><td>Registration/ Approval/ Certificate Number</td><td>Issuing Authority</td><td>Date of Issue</td><td>Date of Expiry</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Consent to Operate under Section 21 of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and under Section 25/26 of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 issued to the Company.*<br/><br/>Particulars:<br/><br/>Product/ Activity: Scientific and mathematical instrument assembly only.<br/><br/>Manufacturing Activities: Manufacturing Diagnostic Kit & Assemble.<br/><br/>Product Capacity: 96130 Numbers/Month</td><td>Consent Order Number: DPCC/CMC/2023/9665797<br/>Certificate Number: G-31551</td><td>Senior Environmental Engineer, Delhi Pollution Control Committee</td><td>Date of Issue: June 21, 2023<br/>Valid from: June 15, 2023</td><td>June14, 2038</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Agreement renewal of Bio-Medical disposal services entered into by the Company with Biotic Waste Solutions Private Limited.</td><td>Unique Id No. 4656</td><td>Biotic Waste Solutions Private Limited</td><td>April 25, 2025</td><td>March 31, 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>

(iii) Approvals obtained by the Company for premises situated at DSIIC's Industrial built-up property bearing no. 3, Pocket - H, Sector - 5, Bawana Industrial Complex, Bawana, Delhi - 110039, India.

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Description</td><td>Registration/ Approval/ Certificate Number</td><td>Issuing Authority</td><td>Date of Issue</td><td>Date of Expiry</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Consent to Operate under Section 21 of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and under Section 25/ 26 of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 issued to the Company.*<br/><br/>Particulars:<br/><br/>(a) Product/ Activity- Scientific and mathematical instrument assembly only.<br/>(b) Manufacturing Activities- Manufacturing Diagnostic Kit & Assemble.<br/>(c) Product Capacity- 96130 Numbers/Month</td><td>Consent Order Number: DPCC/CMC/2023/9665797<br/>Certificate Number: G-31551</td><td>Senior Environmental Engineer, Delhi Pollution Control Committee</td><td>Date of Issue: June 21, 2023<br/>Valid from: June 15, 2023</td><td>June 14, 2038</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Agreement renewal of Bio-Medical disposal services entered into by the Company with Biotic Waste Solutions Private Limited.</td><td>Unique Id No. 4656</td><td>Biotic Waste Solutions Private Limited</td><td>April 25, 2025</td><td>March 31, 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>