The deployment of funds as stated in the "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 86 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus is entirely at the discretion of our management and has not been appraised by any independent agency. Further, the purposes for which the Net Proceeds are to be utilized have not been appraised by an independent entity and are based on our management estimates. In the event, for whatsoever reason, we are unable to execute our plans, we could have a significant amount of unallocated net proceeds. In such a situation, we would have broad discretion in allocating these net proceeds from the Issue without any action or approval of our shareholders. In case the assumptions on which these estimates have been made are not correct or they become un-realistic then there will be a variation in the estimates and the actual expenditure incurred which could result in execution delays and have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability.

**64. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements.**

We may retain all our future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors that our Board of Directors deem relevant, including among others, our results of operations, financial condition, working capital requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Accordingly, realization of a gain on shareholder's investments may largely depend upon the appreciation of the price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of our dividend history, see "Dividend Policy" on page 178 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS:**

**65. Our business could be significantly affected by changes in global economic conditions.**

We are engaged in business of Manufacturing and trading of reagents and Medical devices. Any adverse economic or political developments in geographies where we operate or sell our products, as a result of a global economic slowdown or otherwise, could lead to a general decline in domestic consumption and a slowdown in international trade, which could have a significant impact on our businesses. These factors could have a negative impact on the volume and freight rates of inbound and outbound freight from regions where we operate. If these regions continue to experience slower growth or a decline in trade, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

**66. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.**

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business and the market price and liquidity of our Equity Shares may be affected by interest rates, changes in Government policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting the information technology sector, foreign investment and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in such liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, generally, and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, in particular.

**67. Global economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do business, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price.**

Global economic and political factors that are beyond our control, influence forecasts directly affect performance. These factors include interest rates, rates of economic growth, fiscal and monetary policies of governments, inflation, deflation, foreign exchange fluctuations, consumer credit availability, fluctuations in commodities markets, consumer debt levels, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence, spending and tourism. Increasing volatility in financial markets may cause these factors to change with a greater degree of frequency and magnitude, which may negatively affect our stock prices.

**68. The extent and reliability of Indian infrastructure could adversely affect our Company's results of operations and financial condition.**

India's physical infrastructure is in developing phase compared to that of many developed nations. Any congestion or disruption in its port, rail and road networks, electricity grid, communication systems or any other public facility could disrupt our Company's normal business activity. Any deterioration of India's physical infrastructure would harm the national economy, disrupt the transportation of goods and supplies, and add costs to doing business in India. These problems could interrupt our Company's business operations, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition.