Q-Line Biotech Limited

of the FDI Policy, the work of granting government approval for foreign investment under the FDI Policy and FEMA Regulations has now been entrusted to concerned Administrative Ministries/Departments. FDI for the items or activities that cannot be brought in under the automatic route may be brought in through the approval route. Where FDI is allowed on an automatic basis without the approval of the Government, the RBI would continue to be the primary agency for the purposes of monitoring and regulating foreign investment. In case where government approval is obtained, no approval of the RBI is required except with respect to fixing the issuance price, although a declaration in the prescribed form, detailing the foreign investment, must be filed with the RBI once the foreign investment is made in the Indian Company.

We are engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing and marketing of diverse range of reagents (including kits and POC devices) & consumables and manufacturing, importing, distribution/supply of diagnostic equipment for different diagnostic healthcare needs. Our company supplies diagnostic equipment and IVD products for different diagnostic healthcare needs since 2013 directly or through our distributor/s majorly to diagnostic service providers, hospitals and medical colleges. The company has established its brands over a period of 12 years through its experience, R & D, manufacturing capabilities and quality assurance. The core segments of operations of Q-Line in IVD Industry include Clinical Chemistry, Haematology, Immunodiagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Others (POC Devices & Rapids).

Accordingly, for manufacturing of medical devices, 100% foreign direct investment is permitted under the automatic route as per FDI Policy read with the press notes.