Q-Line Biotech Limited

**49. There are no listed peer companies in India with business models comparable to ours, which makes it difficult to benchmark our performance and valuation.**

Our Company may face risks arising from the absence of a listed peer company on the SME platform or in the same line of business. Investors may have limited benchmarks to evaluate our performance, financial metrics, or market valuation. Lack of comparable companies could lead to higher volatility in the market price of our equity shares post-listing. The market for our shares may be less liquid, and investor perception may be influenced by uncertainties regarding growth potential or business model. Limited reference points for pricing may affect demand and trading activity on the SME exchange. Additionally, investors may perceive higher risk due to the absence of sector-specific historical performance data. This could impact the ability of shareholders to realize returns on their investment. Consequently, the absence of a listed peer company may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and marketability of our shares.

**50. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to undertake substantial capital investments, which could adversely affect our results of operations.**

We take all the possible steps to keep ourselves upgraded to the latest technology. Technologies currently under development or that may be developed in the future, if employed by our existing competitors or new entrants, may adversely affect our competitiveness. The development and application of new technologies involve time, substantial cost and risk. Our competitors may be able to deploy new technologies before us and we cannot predict how emerging and future technological changes will affect our operations or the competitiveness of our services. If we fail to successfully implement new technologies in a timely manner or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further we need to provide sufficient trainings to our employees to equip them with the manufacturing process and for operating and handling the machines used for our manufacturing, thus if we are not able to provide or our employees not able to understand the process, we may incur significant losses of the negligence/non-competence etc.

**51. Any Penalty or demand raised by statutory authorities in future may adversely affect our financial position of the Company.**

Our Company is engaged in the pharmaceutical business which attracts tax liability such as Goods and Service Tax, Income Tax (including dividend distribution tax for dividend payment), and Professional Tax, import and custom duty as per the applicable provisions of Law. We are also required to comply with the provisions such as registration under the labor laws like Provident Fund, ESIC. Although, we have taken all the necessary approvals and deposited the required returns and taxes under various applicable Acts but any demand or penalty raised by the concerned authority in future for any previous year and current year will affect the financial position of the Company.

**52. We may face competition from a number of international and domestic companies, which may adversely affect our market position and business.**

We operate in a competitive industry, dominated by a large number of entities. While the industry is generally fragmented, we may face competition from a number of international and domestic players. Some of our competitors may have significantly greater financial and marketing resources and operate larger networks than we do. In the regions in which we may operate, we may face competition from certain regional competitors. We may also face competition from new entrants into the industry. If we cannot maintain, or gain, sufficient market presence or are unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, we may not be able to compete effectively. Further, if we cannot maintain cost competitiveness, including, in the event we choose to expand and incur excessive fixed costs or if we experience a disproportionate increase in costs in comparison to our competitors, our customers could choose to service their logistics needs with our competitors rather than us. Increased competition from other organized and unorganized players may lead to a reduction in our revenues, reduced profit margins or a loss of market share.

In addition, increased competition may reduce the growth of our customer base and result in higher selling and promotional expenses. If we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors, we may experience a decline in our revenues and profitability and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

**53. Industry-related information included in this Draft Red Heering Prospectus has been derived from the Careedge Report, which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company solely for the purposes of the Offer. This Report and the Dataset are subject to various limitations and are based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature.**

Solely for the purposes of this Offer, we have exclusively commissioned and availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, Careedge, to prepare the Careedge Report for inclusion in this Draft red herring Prospectus. This offer document also includes industry-related information derived from the Careedge Dataset, which has been prepared and provided to us by Careedge for usage in this offer document. We engaged Careedge in connection with the preparation of the Careedge Report and the Careedge Dataset pursuant to agreement dated February 14, 2025. We have no direct or indirect association with Careedge other than as a consequence of such engagement. The Careedge Report and Careedge Dataset are subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature.