Q-Line Biotech Limited

* **Medonic M20:** In collaboration with European company, we have completed the development of the Medonic M20 three-part haematology analyser prototype. This device is currently undergoing regulatory review and approval. Once cleared, it will expand our Make in India portfolio into haematology testing.
* **KC1 Delta:** Through our technical partnership with Stago, we have also developed a prototype of the KC1 Delta coagulation analyser. Like the Medonic M20, this instrument is currently under review with the relevant authorities and is expected to enter the market upon receipt of the requisite approvals.
* **InnoLyte & Slide Stainer** - Demonstrating our in-house R&D capabilities, we have indigenously developed the InnoLyte electrolyte analyser and an automated slide stainer. These two products will be introduced into commercial sale in the second half of FY 2025-26, further broadening our fully "Make in India" offerings.
* **Q-Count 5:** Currently under development, will be our indigenous 5-part haematology analyser.

Since 2021, our facilities have been subject to regular inspections and audits by regulators, including the CDSCO, State Drug Authority, Intertek, URS Certification Limited, and other European regulatory agencies, conducted on a periodic basis. We have consistently implemented Current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMPs") across all our manufacturing facilities, which are monitored by a comprehensive Quality Management System ("QMS") that encompasses all areas of business processes, from R&D and raw material procurement to manufacturing, packaging, and delivery. We focus on building quality into our products through compliance with regulatory standards as well as local and state laws. Over the years we have expanded by establishing more machineries and our expenditure for installing such plant & machinery stands at, Rs. 147.18 lakhs in the year 2023, Rs. 1020.64 lakhs in the year 2024 and Rs. 334.89 lakhs in the year 2025 in terms of purchased cost.

We are currently working on a B2B model and supplying most of our products to our customers which includes distributors, diagnostic service providers and hospitals. Our Company is committed to providing customers quality product at reasonable prices. We strive to develop a long-term business relationship with our customers by maintaining the industry standards and meeting the customer's business requirements. Our operational team keeps close track of each & every consignment, which ensures on time delivery. We provide solutions to our customers, which results in enhanced service quality and cost savings.

Our management team has demonstrated the ability to successfully build and integrate our businesses with various operating activities through their years of work experience. Further, our Our Promoter, Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Saurabh Garg, has been associated with the Company since incorporation and has over 31 years of experience in healthcare and diagnostic sector and looks after business development, Strategic guidance & overall Performance of the Company. Further, our Promoter, Whole-time Director, Mr. Ajay Kumar Mahanty, has been associated with the Company since 2015 and has an experience of 20 years. He is responsible for leading sales & marketing planning, overseeing manufacturing process, budgeting, driving strategic collaborations and heading research and development to expand product portfolio.

As a part of our growth strategy, we have incorporated subsidiary companies namely Q-Line Iris Private Limited which are engaged in the business of Radiology & Imaging Services, which was established in the year 2023. Further, during the year 2019, we incorporated an Associate company namely POCT Science House Pvt Ltd to engage in the business of running diagnostic laboratories. However, during the financial year 2025, we sold the controlling stake in the said company in order to focus on our core business.

## Our Presence

<table><thead><tr><td>Purpose</td><td>Address</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Registered Office and Manufacturing Plant</td><td>298-281, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 3105, Gindan Khera, Amausi Station Road, Nadarganj, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226008</td></tr><tr><td>Proposed Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No-C-42, Industrial Area Amausi, Tehsil Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226008</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 276, Behtwa, Amausi, Station Road, Sarojni Nagar, Lucknow, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226009</td></tr><tr><td>Future Use</td><td>KH-864, Amausi, Gram Anaura, Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226008</td></tr><tr><td>Warehouse</td><td>E-27, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road Scheme, Ashiyana, Lucknow, Kanpur Road Scheme, Phase-II, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, 226012</td></tr><tr><td>Administration Building</td><td>Plot No. 1, Pocket H, Sector 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, North West Delhi, Delhi-110028</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Plot No. 2, Pocket H, Sector 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, North West Delhi, Delhi-110039</td></tr></tbody></table>