8. Certificate of Registration dated August 07, 2025 bearing certificate no. EGQ/2508QE/3562 and IAF Code 23 and 29 issued by Director, Hawk Eye Certifications Private Limited for the premises situated at 298-281, Block A, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow- 226023, Uttar Pradesh, India for being in compliance with the requirement of the standard ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management Systems) for the scope of activities of Design, Manufacture & Distribution Of Medical Devices and Consumables. The certificate is valid till August 06, 2028.

9. Certificate of Compliance bearing no. CE – 1402 dated May 10, 2023 issued by the UK Certification & Inspection Limited to the Company for (i) the office situated at C-108, Phase – I, Naraina Industrial Area, New Delhi- 110028, India and (ii) the manufacturing unit situated at Plot No. 2 & 3, Pocket – H, Sector – 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi – 110039, India being in compliance with the requirement of the Medical Device Regulation – (Council Regulation 2017/745). The certificate is valid till May 09, 2026.*

10. Certificate of Registration bearing no. 84700/A/0002/UK/En dated October 19, 2018 by the United Registrar of Systems to the Company for the factory situated at Plot No. 2 & 3, Pocket H, Sector - 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi, 110039, India for being in compliance with the requirements of the standard ISO 13485:2016 (Quality Management System) for the scope of activities of design, manufacture and distribution of in-vitro diagnostic reagents and instruments. The certificate is valid till October 18, 2027.*

11. Certificate of Registration bearing no. 84700/A/0003/UK/En dated October 19, 2024 issued by the United Registrar of Systems to the Company for the office situated at C – 108, Naraina Industrial Area, Phase – 1, Naraina, New Delhi, 110028, India for being in compliance with the requirements of the standard ISO 13485:2016 (Quality Management Systems) for the scope of activities of design, manufacture and distribution of In-Vitro Diagnostic reagents and instruments. The certificate is valid till October 18, 2027.*

12. GMP Compliance Certificate dated October 29, 2024 bearing report no. 211029129101 issued by TNV Certification Private Limited to the Company for manufacturing units situated at Plot No. 2 and 3, Pocket- H, Sector- 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi- 110039, India for being in compliance with the requirements of GMP guidelines for the product group of design, manufacture and distribution of medical devices and consumables. The certificate is valid till October 28, 2027.*

13. Certificate of Compliance dated December 11, 2024 (date of initial registration) bearing certificate no. SPC24C9747 issued by SP Certification Limited to the Company for its corporate office located at C-108, Naraina Industrial Area, Phase-1, New Delhi-110028, India and manufacturing facility located at Plot No. 2&3, Pocket - H, Sector - 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi-110039, India for being in compliance with the requirements of Medical Device Regulation (EU) 2017/745 (earlier legislation Council Directive 93/42/EEC). The certificate is valid till December 11, 2027. The certificate includes the following products:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Type of Product Range</td><td>Product Names</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Biochemistry Product Range</td><td>1. Adenosine Deaminase Assay (ADA)<br>2. ALBUMIN<br>3. ALP (DEA)<br>4. ALP (IFCC)<br>5. ALT/GPT<br>6. AMYLASE<br>7. ASO Turbilatex<br>8. Apolipoprotein A1<br>9. Apolipoprotein B<br>10. ASO Latex<br>11. AST/GOT<br>12. BILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1<br>13. BILIRUBIN (T & D) 4+1<br>14. CALCIUM ARSENAZO<br>15. CHLORIDE<br>16. Cholesterol<br>17. CK NAC SL<br>18. CK-MB SL<br>19. CREATININE JAFFE<br>20. CREATININE PAP<br>21. CRP Latex<br>22. CRP Turbilatex<br>23. Cystatin C Assay<br>24. HbA1c Direct</td></tr></tbody></table>