Q-Line Biotech Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Trademark no.</td><td>Description</td><td>Issuing authority</td><td>Applicant</td><td>Status</td><td>Date of issue</td><td>Date of expiry</td><td>Trademark</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>5816106*</td><td>Packaging material &amp; diagnostic testing &amp; sample collection material like tubes, tips, container, cassettes, vacutainers, bottle, puce, box made up of plastics, fibres and other materials. Class 16</td><td>Registrar of Trademarks, Trade Marks Registry Mumbai</td><td>The Company</td><td>Registered</td><td>February 20, 2023</td><td>February 19, 2033</td><td>Q-tube</td></tr><tr><td>5816105</td><td>Packaging material &amp; diagnostic testing &amp; sample collection material like tubes, tips, container, cassettes, vacutainers, bottle, puce, box made up of plastics, fibres and other materials. Class 16</td><td>Registrar of Trademarks, Trade Marks Registry Mumbai</td><td>The Company</td><td>Registered</td><td>February 20, 2023</td><td>February 19, 2033</td><td>Plasti-Q</td></tr></tbody></table>

**The above-mentioned approvals are in the previous name of the Company i.e. POCT Services Private Limited.

*All the above-mentioned approvals are in the previous name of the Company i.e. Q-line Biotech Private Limited.

**Immovable Property:-**

Details of properties owned/ rented/licensed/ lease by our Company as on date of Draft Red Herring Prospectus are as follows:-

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Address</td><td>Purpose</td><td>Owned/ Leased/ Licensed</td><td>Lessor Name</td><td>Validity Period</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Plot No. 3105, Gindan Khera, Amausi Station Road, Nadarganj, Lucknow-226008, Uttar Pradesh, India.</td><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Owned</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Basement, Ground and First Floor of the premises admeasuring 6400 sq. ft. (built-up area) situated at Plot No. 281, Transport Nagar, Bagia No. 2, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh-226023, India.</td><td>Registered office and manufacturing plant</td><td>Leased</td><td>Amrit Kaur</td><td>19 years and 09 months commencing from October 01, 2019 to June 30, 2039</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Property bearing no. 298 and 281 admeasuring 2,500 sq.ft built up area, situated at Block-A, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow - 226023, India.</td><td>Registered office and manufacturing plant</td><td>Leased</td><td>M/s. POCT Services</td><td>11 (eleven) months commencing from September 01, 2025 to July 31, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Plot No-C-42, admeasuring 8527 sq.mtr or thereabouts and situated at Industrial Area Amausi, Tehsil Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, India.</td><td>Proposed Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Leased</td><td>UP State Industrial Development Corporation Limited</td><td>40 (forty) years commencing from May 09, 2022 to May 9, 2062</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Land admeasuring 0.310 hectare and situated at Plot No. 276, Behtwa, Amausi, Station Road, Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow, Lucknow - 226009, India.</td><td>Manufacturing Plant</td><td>Leased</td><td>Amita Garg</td><td>11 (eleven) months commencing from September 01, 2025 to July 31, 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>

137