Q-Line Biotech Limited

1. Certificate of Registration bearing no. 0194140 dated October 11, 2024 issued by President, Business Assurance, Intertek India Private Limited for (i) main site at Plot no 3105, Gindan Khera, Amausi Station Road, Nadarganj, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, 226008, India for being in compliance with the requirement of ISO 13485:2016 for the scope of activities of Manufacture and Distribution of Blood Cell Diluents, Reagents for Differential Counts. The certificate is valid till October 11, 2027.*

2. Certificate of Registration bearing no. UQ-2023051008 dated May 10, 2023 issued by the UK Certification & Inspection Limited to the Company for the premises situated at 298-281, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road, Adjacent Transport Nagar Metro Station, Lucknow- 226023, Uttar Pradesh, India for being in compliance with the requirements of the standard ISO 13485:2016 (Quality Management Systems for Medical Devices) for the scope of activities of design, manufacture and distribution of In-Vitro Diagnostic reagents and instruments. The certificate is valid till May 09, 2026.*

3. Certificate of Registration bearing no. UQ-2023051009 dated May 10, 2023 issued by the UK Certification & Inspection Limited to the Company for (i) the office situated at C-108, Phase - I, Naraina Industrial Area, New Delhi- 110028, India and (ii) the manufacturing unit situated at Plot No. 2 & 3, Pocket - H, Sector - 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi - 110039, India for being in compliance with the requirements of the standard ISO 13485:2016 (Quality Management Systems) for the scope of activities of design, manufacture and distribution of In-Vitro Diagnostic reagents and instruments. The certificate is valid till May 09, 2026.*

4. Certificate of Registration bearing no. SPC25Q10193 dated May 24, 2025 issued by SP Certification Limited to the Company for (i) the corporate office located at C-108, Phase - I, Naraina Industrial Area, New Delhi - 110028, India and (ii) Plot No. 2 & 3, Pocket - H, Sector - 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi - 110039, India for being in compliance with the requirement of the standard ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management Systems) for the scope of activities of Manufacturer, Importer & Traders of IVD Reagents & Instruments. The certificate is valid till May 24, 2028.

5. Certificate of Registration bearing no. SPC25Q10194 dated May 24, 2025 issued by SP Certification Limited for (i) the corporate office located at C-108, Phase - I, Naraina Industrial Area, New Delhi - 110028, India and (ii) Plot No. 2 & 3, Pocket - H, Sector - 5, DSIIDC, Bawana Industrial Area, New Delhi - 110039, India for being in compliance with the requirement of Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) for the scope of activities of Manufacturer, Importer & Traders of IVD Reagents & Instruments. The certificate is valid till May 24, 2028.

6. Certificate of Compliance bearing no. ISAQC495 dated May 23, 2025 issued by ISA Certificate Limited for the premises situated at Plot No. 276, Behtwa, Amausi, Station Road, Sarojni Nagar, Lucknow, U.P. - 226009, India for being in compliance with the requirement of Medical Device Directives (93/42/EEC) for the product of Design, Manufacturing & Distribution of In-Vitro Diagnostic Instruments. The certificate is valid till May 22, 2028. The certificate includes the following products:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Product Name</td><td>Model Name</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td rowspan="3">1.</td><td rowspan="3">Fully Automated Biochemistry Analyzers</td><td>ASTIRA CX600</td></tr><tr><td>ASTIRA CX400</td></tr><tr><td>ASTIRA C-MS</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Semi Automated Biochemistry Analyzers</td><td>Innolab 200</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Immunoassay Analyzer</td><td>eCL486</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">4.</td><td rowspan="2">Electrolyte Analyzer</td><td>Innolyte plus</td></tr><tr><td>Innolyte</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">5.</td><td rowspan="2">Automated RNA Extractor</td><td>Q-Xtra Plus 96</td></tr><tr><td>Q-Xtra Plus 32</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Filtered Pipette Tips, Pipette Tips, Centrifuge Tube, Microcentrifuge Tube, Cryogenic Vials, Cryogenic Tube, PCR Consumables, 96 Deep Well Plate, Plate Sealing Film, Disposable Collection Swab, 96 Tip Comb, 8 Tip Comb and other Laboratory Plasticware Items</td><td>Q-Plast</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Elisa Microplate Reader</td><td>QL-9600</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Elisa Microplate Washer</td><td>QL-4800</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Fully Automated Biochemistry Analyzer</td><td>Selectra PRO M</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Fully Auto 3-Part Hematology Analyzer</td><td>Q-Count 3</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Fully Auto 5-Part Hematology Analyzer</td><td>Q-Count 5</td></tr></tbody></table>

7. Certificate of Registration bearing no. 305025041657MD dated April 16, 2025 issued by the Head of Certification, Quality Research Organization to the Company for the premises situated at Plot No. 276, Behtwa, Amausi, Station Road, Sarojni Nagar, Lucknow, U.P. - 226009, India for being in compliance with the requirement of the ISO 13485:2016 for the scope of activities of Design, Manufacture & Distribution Of In-Vitro Diagnostic Instruments. The certificate is valid till April 15, 2028.*