Further, we plan to expand into new markets, aiming to broaden our market reach and drive scale and growth of our operations. We intend to target Key Account Sales through Corporate Lab Chains. We also plan to venture into international Exports to the African Union, the Middle East, and the Indian sub-continent regions. Also, We have taken a few steps like connecting the distributors in the cities/states where we are not present at all, incentivizing our distributors, increase our interaction with our distributors and retailers, including through our sales and marketing employees; incentivise distributors through periodic and festival sales schemes, annual and periodic revenue targets and product-specific schemes; and increase our presence in existing markets and entering into new markets for our products.

## Exploring Strategic Alliances in CMO/CDMO Services

The Indian diagnostic market, fuelled by initiatives such as “Make in India,” increased healthcare spending, and the China + 1 supply-chain strategy, offers immense growth potential. but also brings rapid IVD technological obsolescence, intense margin pressure from low-cost competitors, and prohibitive capital expenditure barriers for smaller global players. Against this backdrop, the Contract Manufacturing and Development Organisation (CMO/CDMO) model offers a compelling value proposition.

By positioning ourselves as a full-service CMO/CDMO for IVD, we enable both domestic innovators and international players to capitalise on India's dynamic market while focusing their resources on core competencies and market expansion. We have already successfully Reduced Costs and sourced EOL components for three clients.

## Grow manufacturing and production capacities aligned with the “Make In India” initiative of GoI.

As per the Care Report, “The Indian government has taken several initiatives to strengthen the IVD industry, recognizing its critical role in disease detection, monitoring, and healthcare management. The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the importance of robust diagnostic capabilities, prompting regulatory reforms, financial incentives, and policy support to enhance domestic manufacturing and innovation. These efforts aim to reduce dependency on imports, promote indigenous production, and make high-quality diagnostic solutions accessible and affordable.” Some of the key initiatives/policies are “Make in India” and “Atmanirbhar Bharat”. In alignment with it, we intend to grow our manufacturing capabilities so that we are able to quickly and effectively respond to an increase in market demand for our products, in order to continue to grow our business. We are currently operating from our three manufacturing facilities, two of which are located in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh and the remaining one is situated at Bawana Industrial Area, Delhi. Over the years, the installed manufacturing capacity has increased significantly and now as on 31 March 2025 the aggregate capacity of these plants are 1.4 Million Kits and 1200 Selectra Machines collectively. Further, we expect that 1 additional manufacturing units for our reagents business located at C-42, Amausi Industrial Area, Nadarganj, Lucknow will become operational in Financial Year 25-26. The new facility will provide a platform for the growth of our CDMO business and also add capacity for our business. This facility will have capability to manufacture reagents. Once this unit is operational, our total installed capacity is estimated to increase significantly which in turn will significantly enhance our revenues. We expect to commence the commercial production of this new unit in FY 2025-26 as per the proposed plan of the management.

## Expanding our existing product portfolio

Over the years, we have expanded our product portfolio across segments. We have consistently endeavoured to diversify our portfolio of products to cater to changing customer requirements across various segments and geographies. Our experience and expertise of around 15 years in the industry helps us to capitalise on new opportunities offered by our customers. We intend to continue strengthening our existing product portfolio and diversifying into new products with potential for growth and profitability within our existing product groups and across new applications. We continually strive to increase our market share by adding more products and distributors/retailers, laboratories, Hospital etc enabling us to achieve our higher sales targets from both existing and new customers/markets.

Furthermore, we aim to expand our product portfolio to include reagents, consumables, and instruments category, by focusing on introducing new range of products. Through new range of products, we expect to increase our share and repeat orders from existing consumers and also to attract new consumers. In order to capture insights into consumer needs and trends promptly, we regularly interact with our distributors, Hospitals and labs for insights into consumer preferences and market feedback. We intend to focus on developing our product portfolio with additional formulations in reagents, increased diversification in consumables, like Medico-Plastics manufacturing and entering new instrument manufacturing, including the Immunodiagnostics, Clinical Chemistry, Haematology etc.

## Manufacturing Process for Reagents