<table><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>SME platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE Emerge)</td></tr><tr><td>DP ID</td><td>Depository Participant's identity number.</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated September 30, 2025 issued in accordance with Section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013</td></tr><tr><td>Electronic Transfer of Funds</td><td>Refunds through NACH, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible FPI(s)</td><td>FPIs that are eligible to participate in this Issue in terms of applicable laws, other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI(s)</td><td>A Non-Resident Indian in a jurisdiction outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe for the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>The account(s) to be opened with the Escrow Collection Bank and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through NACH/direct credit/NEFT/RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank(s)</td><td>The bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an Issue under the SEBI BTI Regulations and with whom the Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [●]</td></tr><tr><td>First Bidder/ Applicant/Bidders</td><td>Bidder(s) whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision thereto, at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalised and below which no Bids will be accepted and which shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>FPI / Foreign Portfolio Investor</td><td>A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, provided that any FII or QFI who holds a valid certificate of registration shall be deemed to be a foreign portfolio investor till the expiry of the block of three years for which fees have been paid as per the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1) (III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive economic offender</td><td>Shall mean an individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018)</td></tr><tr><td>General Corporate Purposes</td><td>Include such identified purposes for which no specific amount is allocated or any amount so specified towards general corporate purpose or any such purpose by whatever name called, in the offer document.</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document (GID)</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public offers, prepared and issued in accordance with the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020 issued by SEBI, suitably modified and updated pursuant to the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020 and the UPI Circulars and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI from time to time. The General Information Document shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLMs.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Bidders/ Individual Investors</td><td>Individual Bidders, submitting Bids, who applies for minimum application size of two lots per application. Provided that the minimum application size shall be above ₹2 lakhs (including HUFs applying through their Karta and Eligible NRIs and does not include NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investor Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/ each, available for allocation to Individual Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Agreement</td><td>The Issue Agreement dated September 29, 2025 between our Company and Book Running Lead Managers pursuant to which certain arrangements have been agreed to in relation to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Bidders, other than Anchor Investors. Equity Shares will be Allotted to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs on the Pricing Date, in accordance with the Book Building Process and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds to be raised by our Company through this Issue, for further details please refer chapter titled "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 86 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Issue/Public Issue/Issue size/Initial Public Offer/ Initial Public Offering/IPO</td><td>The Initial Public Offer of upto 70,53,200 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each at Issue price of Rs. [●]/- per Equity share, including a premium of Rs. [●]/- per equity share aggregating to Rs. [●] lakhs.<br/>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a Pre -IPO placement of up to 8,00,000 Equity Shares prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre- IPO Placement, if undertaken will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-</td></tr></table>