Q-Line Biotech Limited

Book Running Lead Managers. References to segments in "Industry Overview" on page 103 and information derived from the IVD Industry Report are in accordance with the presentation, analysis and categorisation in the IVD Industry Report.

Additionally, certain industry related information in "Industry Overview", "Our Business", "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" on pages 103, 123, 29 and 246, respectively, has been derived from the IVD Industry Report. The IVD Industry Report is available on the website of our Company at www.qlinebiotech.com. The IVD Industry Report is subject to the following disclaimer:

"This report is prepared by CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited (CareEdge Research). CareEdge Research has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this report based on information available in CareEdge Research's proprietary database, and other sources considered by CareEdge Research as accurate and reliable including the information in public domain. The views and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of CareEdge Research to buy or invest in this industry, sector or companies operating in this sector or industry and is also not a recommendation to enter into any transaction in this industry or sector in any manner whatsoever.

This report has to be seen in its entirety; the selective review of portions of the report may lead to inaccurate assessments. All forecasts in this report are based on assumptions considered to be reasonable by CareEdge Research; however, the actual outcome may be materially affected by changes in the industry and economic circumstances, which could be different from the projections.

Nothing contained in this report is capable or intended to create any legally binding obligations on the sender or CareEdge Research which accepts no responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the use of the said information. CareEdge Research is also not responsible for any errors in transmission and specifically states that it, or its Directors, employees, parent company - CARE Ratings Ltd., or its Directors, employees do not have any financial liabilities whatsoever to the subscribers/users of this report. The subscriber/user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this report or data herein. This report is for the information of the authorised recipient in India only and any reproduction of the report or part of it would require explicit written prior approval of CareEdge Research.

CareEdge Research shall reveal the report to the extent necessary and called for by appropriate regulatory agencies, viz., SEBI, RBI, Government authorities, etc., if it is required to do so. By accepting a copy of this Report, the recipient accepts the terms of this Disclaimer, which forms an integral part of this Report."

These industry sources and publications are prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends upon the reader's familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business. Methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such data involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those disclosed in "Risk Factors" on page 29. Accordingly, no investment decision should be made solely on the basis of such information.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, "Basis for Issue Price" on page 94 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information relating to our peer group companies which has been derived from publicly available sources.

## Currency of Financial Presentation

All references to "Rupees" or "INR" or "Rs." or "₹" are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India. All references to "US$" or "USD" are to United States Dollars, the official currency of the United States of America. Except where specified, including in the section titled "Industry Overview" throughout this Draft Red Herring Prospectus all figures have been expressed in Lakhs.

Any percentage amounts, as set forth in "Risk Factors", "Our Business", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" on page 29, 123 and 246 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, have been calculated based on our restated financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP.

The Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains conversion of certain US Dollar and other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the requirements of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that those US Dollar or other currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate.