<table><tr><td colspan="2">Particulars:<br/>The Consolidated Consent to Operate and Authorisation is valid for manufacturing of:<br/>(a) Product: Surgical and medical products assembling only of Fully Auto Biochemistry Analyzer 30, Electrolyte Analyzer 100, Oxygen Concentrator 100, Hematology Analyzer 100, Elisa Reader 100, Elisa Washer 100, DNA/RNA Extractor 50, Coagulation Analyzer 100, Sample Collection Tubes 50000, Semi-Auto Biochemistry Analyzer 100 and Other Equipment 100 number/ month.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Agreement entered with Synergy Waste Management Private Limited by the Company for providing services of disposal of Bio-Medical Waste.</td><td>LUCK-835</td><td>Synergy Waste Management Private Limited</td><td>Dated of Agreement: September 12, 2025<br/>Valid from: August 01, 2025</td><td>Date of expiry: July 31, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Certificate issued by Synergy Waste Management Private Limited to the Company for disposal of biomedical waste generated at the said premises.</td><td>LUCK-835/25-26/815</td><td>Synergy Waste Management Private Limited</td><td>Date of Certificate: September 12, 2025<br/>Valid from: August 01, 2025</td><td>Date of expiry: July 31, 2026</td></tr></table>

(ii) Approvals obtained by the Company for the premises situated at E-27, Transport Nagar, Kanpur Road Scheme, Ashiyana, Lucknow, Kanpur Road Scheme, Phase-II, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh- 226012, India.

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Description</td><td>Registration/ Approval/ Certificate Number</td><td>Issuing Authority</td><td>Date of Issue</td><td>Date of Expiry</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Agreement entered with Synergy Waste Management Private Limited by the Company for providing services of disposal of bio-medical waste.</td><td>LUCK-836</td><td>Synergy Waste Management Private Limited</td><td>Dated of Agreement: September 12, 2025<br/>Valid from: August 01, 2025</td><td>Date of expiry: July 31, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Certificate issued by Synergy Waste Management Private Limited to the Company for disposal of biomedical waste generated at the said premises.</td><td>LUCK-836/25-26/816</td><td>Synergy Waste Management Private Limited</td><td>Date of Certificate: September 12, 2025<br/>Valid from: August 01, 2025</td><td>Date of expiry: August 31, 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>

(iii) Approvals obtained by the Company for premises situated at Plot No. 3105, Gindan Khera, Amausi Station Road, Nadarganj, Lucknow- 226008, India.