This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information on Industry in which we operate from various sources. For further details, please see "**Industry Overview**" beginning on page 105 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The data has been furnished by independent agency on their websites and has no relationship with our Company, its Promoters, Directors, or the Book Running Lead Manager as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Accordingly, investors must rely on their independent examination of, and should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. The recipient should not construe any of the contents in this report as advice relating to business, financial, legal, taxation or investment matters and are advised to consult their own business, financial, legal, taxation, and other advisors concerning the transaction.

**62. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue will be listed on the SME Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited in a timely manner or at all.**

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Issue and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares.

There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet all new regulatory requirements effectively. Non-compliance with updated statutes or regulations could lead to delays in obtaining approvals. Additionally, failure to adhere to the conditions attached to approvals, licenses, registrations, and permissions could result in regulatory bodies suspending, curtailing, or revoking our ability to market those products.

**63. Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as Ind AS, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows.**

Our restated summary statements of assets and liabilities, restated summary statements of profit and loss and cash flows for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 2024 & 2023 have been prepared in accordance with the Indian GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. Ind AS, US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Ind AS, Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited.

**64. Any of the Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid.**

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Any of the Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. While we are required to complete Allotment, listing and commencement of trading pursuant to the Issue within three (3) Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders' decision to invest in our Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment, listing and commencement of trading. We may complete the Allotment, listing and commencement of trading of our Equity Shares even if such events occur and such events may limit the Bidders' ability to sell our Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or may cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline on listing.