Dhara Rail Projects Limited

specified stamp are liable to be rejected. UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism, may submit their ASBA Forms, including details of their UPI IDs, with the Syndicate, Sub-Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs. Individual Bidders authorizing an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account may submit their ASBA Forms with the SCSBs. ASBA Bidders must ensure that the ASBA Account has sufficient credit balance such that an amount equivalent to the full Bid Amount can be blocked by the SCSB or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable at the time of submitting the Bid. In order to ensure timely information to investors, SCSBs are required to send SMS alerts to investors intimating them about Bid Amounts blocked/unblocked.

Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process. For Anchor Investors, the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the office of the Book Running Lead Manager. ASBA Bidders are also required to ensure that the ASBA Account has sufficient credit balance as an amount equivalent to the full Bid Amount which can be blocked by the SCSB.

The prescribed colour of the Bid cum Application Form for various categories is as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Category</td><td>Colour*</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Anchor Investor**</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Indian Public / eligible NRI's applying on a non-repatriation basis (ASBA)</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Residents including eligible NRI's, FPI's, FIIs, FVCIs, etc. applying on a repatriation basis (ASBA)</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Excluding Electronic Bid cum Application Form

** Bid cum application for Anchor Investor shall be made available at the Office of the Book Running Lead Manager.

In case of ASBA forms, the relevant Designated Intermediaries shall upload the relevant Bid details in the electronic bidding system of the Stock Exchanges. For ASBA Forms (other than through UPI Mechanism) shall be submitted/deliver the ASBA Forms to the respective SCSB where the Bidder has an ASBA bank account and shall not submit it to any non-SCSB bank or any Escrow Collection Bank.

For UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism, the Stock Exchanges shall share the Bid details (including UPI ID) with the Sponsor Banks on a continuous basis to enable the Sponsor Banks to initiate the UPI Mandate Request to UPI Bidders for blocking of funds. The Sponsor Banks shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to UPI Bidders, who shall accept the UPI Mandate Request for blocking of funds on their respective mobile applications associated with UPI ID linked bank account. The NPCI shall maintain an audit trail for every bid entered in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform, and the liability to compensate UPI Bidders (using the UPI Mechanism) in case of failed transactions shall be with the concerned entity (i.e., the Sponsor Banks, NPCI or the Bankers to the Issue) at whose end the lifecycle of the transaction has come to a halt. The NPCI shall share the audit trail of all disputed transactions/ investor complaints to the Sponsor Banks and the bankers to an issue. For ensuring timely information to investors, SCSBs shall send SMS alerts as specified in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular. Pursuant to NSE circular dated July 22, 2022 with reference no. 23/2022, has mandated that trading members, Syndicate Members, RTA and Depository Participants shall submit Syndicate ASBA bids above ₹5.00 lakhs and NII and QIB bids, through SCSBs only.

For all pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Banks shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5.00 pm on the Bid/Issue Closing Date (“Cut-Off Time”). Accordingly, UPI Bidders Bidding using the UPI Mechanism should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking off funds prior to 5.00 p.m. and all pending UPI Mandate Requests shall lapse.

The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the SCSBs only after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with the UPI Circulars. The Sponsor Banks will undertake a reconciliation of Bid responses received from Stock Exchanges and sent to NPCI and will also ensure that all the responses received from NPCI are sent to the Stock Exchanges platform with detailed error code and description, if any. Further, the Sponsor Banks will undertake reconciliation of all Bid requests and responses throughout their lifecycle on daily basis and share reports with the BRLM in the format and within the timelines as specified under the UPI Circulars. Sponsor Banks and issuer banks shall download UPI settlement files and raw data files from the NPCI portal after every settlement cycle and do a three-way reconciliation with UPI switch data, CBS data and UPI raw data. NPCI is to coordinate with issuer banks and Sponsor Banks on a continuous basis. The Sponsor Banks shall host a web portal for intermediaries (closed user group) from the date of Bid/Issue Opening Date until the date of listing of the Equity Shares with details of statistics of mandate blocks/unblocks,