Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Bidding Date/ Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period</td><td>One working day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted and allocation to the Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Issue Price</td><td>The final price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price.<br>The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.<br>One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Pay-in Date</td><td>With respect to Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, not later than two Working Days after the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Amount</td><td>The amount at which the Applicant makes an application for the Equity Shares of our Company in terms of Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Supported by Block Amount (ASBA)</td><td>An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to make a Bid and authorize an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account and will include applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by the bidders using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Account</td><td>A bank account maintained by ASBA Bidders with an SCSB and specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder in which funds will be blocked by such SCSB to the Bid Amount extent of the specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder and includes a bank account maintained by an Individual Investor/ non-institutional investors linked to a UPI ID, which will be blocked in relation to a Bid by an Individual Investor/ non-institutional investors Bidding through the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Application Location(s)/ Specified Cities</td><td>Locations at which ASBA Applications can be uploaded by the SCSBs, namely Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata and Ahmedabad.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bid</td><td>A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Bidder</td><td>Any prospective investor(s) / Bidder (s) in this Issue who apply(ies) through the ASBA process except Anchor Investor</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Form/Bid cum Application</td><td>An application form (with or without UPI ID, as applicable), whether physical or electronic, used by Bidders which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to the Issue/ Public Issue Bank/ Sponsor Bank/</td><td>Banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Bankers to an Issue and with whom the Public Issue Account will be opened, in this case being [●]</td></tr><tr><td>Banker to the Issue and Sponsor Bank Agreement / Escrow Agreement</td><td>The Bankers to the Issue agreement dated [●] to be entered among our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the Escrow Collection Bank(s), Public Issue Bank, Sponsor Bank, Refund Bank, the BRLM and the Syndicate Members for the collection of payment amounts, if any, in respect of the Anchor Investors on the terms and conditions thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment</td><td>The basis on which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful bidders under the Issue and which is described in the chapter titled "Issue Procedure" beginning on page 263 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid(s)</td><td>An indication to make an offer during the Bid/ Issue Period by a Bidder (other than an Anchor Investor) pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor</td></tr></tbody></table>