imposition of fines and deductions and lays down wage periods. The Payment of Wages Act is applicable to factories and industrial or other establishments where the monthly wages payable is less than Rs. 6,500 per month.

## INDUSTRIAL DISPUTES ACT, 1947

The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 (Industrial Disputes Act) provides for mechanism and procedure to secure industrial peace and harmony by investigation and settlement of industrial disputes by negotiations. The Industrial Disputes Act extends to whole of India and applies to every industrial establishment carrying on any business, trade, manufacture or distribution of goods and services irrespective of the number of workmen employed therein. Every person employed in an establishment for hire or reward including contract labour, apprentices and part time employees to do any manual, clerical, skilled, unskilled, technical, operational or supervisory work, is covered by the Act. The Act also provides for (a) the provision for payment of compensation to the Workman on account of closure or layoff or retrenchment. (b) the procedure for prior permission of appropriate Government for laying off or retrenching the workers or closing down industrial establishments (c) restriction on unfair labour practices on part of an employer or a trade union or workers.

## SEXUAL HARASSMENT AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013

The Sexual Harassment at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (SHWPPR Act) provides for protection against sexual harassment at the workplace to women and prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual harassment. The SHWPPR Act Defines-Sexual Harassment to include any unwelcome sexually determined behavior (whether directly or by implication). Workplace under the SHWPPR Act has been defined widely to include government bodies, private and public sector organizations, non-governmental organizations, organizations carrying on commercial, vocational, educational, entertainment, industrial, financial activities, hospitals and nursing homes, educational institutes, sports institutions and stadiums used for training individuals. The SHWPPR Act requires an employer to set up an Internal Complaints Committee at each office or branch, of an organization employing at least 10 employees. The Government in turn is required to set up a Local Complaint Committee at the district level to investigate complaints regarding sexual harassment from establishments where our internal complaints committee has not been constituted.

## APPRENTICES ACT, 1961

The Apprentices Act, 1961, as amended (the Apprentices Act) regulates and controls the programme of training of apprentices and matters connected therewith. The term Apprentice means a person who is undergoing apprenticeship training in pursuance of a contract of apprenticeship. Apprenticeship Training means a course of training in any industry or establishment undergone in pursuance of a contract of apprenticeship and under prescribed terms and conditions which may be different for different categories of apprentices. Every person engaging as an apprentice is required to enter into a contract of apprenticeship with the employer which is reviewed and registered by the apprenticeship advisor.

## EQUAL REMUNERATION ACT, 1976**

The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976, as amended (ER Act) provides for the payment of equal remuneration to men and women workers for same or similar nature of work and prevention of discrimination, on the ground of sex, against women in the matter of employment and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. Under the ER Act, no discrimination is permissible in recruitment and service conditions, except where employment of women is prohibited or restricted by law. It also provides that every employer should maintain such registers and other documents in relation to the workers employed by him/ her in the prescribed manner.

## EMPLOYEES DEPOSIT LINKED INSURANCE SCHEME, 1976

The scheme shall be administered by the Central Board constituted under section 5A of the EPF Act. The provisions relating to recovery of damages for default in payment of contribution with the percentage of damages are laid down under Section 8A of the act. The employer falling under the scheme shall send to the Commissioner within fifteen days of the close of each month a return in the prescribed form. The register and other records shall be produced by every employer to Commissioner or other officer so authorized shall be produced for inspection from time to time. The amount received as the employer's contribution and also Central Government's contribution to the insurance fund shall be credited to an account called as "Deposit-Linked Insurance Fund Account."