Dhara Rail Projects Limited

# PART A

## Book Building Procedure

In terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended (the “SCRR”) read with Regulation 252 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Issue is being made for at least 25% of the post-Issue Paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. The Issue is being made under Regulation 229(2) of Chapter IX of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 via book building process wherein not more than 50% of the Issue shall be allocated on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company and may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, of which one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Investors, out of which (a) one-third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than 2 lots and up to ₹ 10.00 lakhs; and (b) two-third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹ 10.00 lakhs, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors who applies for minimum application size in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, undersubscription, if any, in any category, except the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, and the Designated Stock Exchange. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories.

The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialised segment of the Stock Exchanges.

*Investors should note that the Equity Shares will be Allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialized form. The Bid cum Application Forms which do not have the details of the Bidders’ depository account, including DP ID, Client ID, PAN and UPI ID, as applicable, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they may get the Equity Shares rematerialized subsequent to Allotment of the Equity Shares in the Issue, subject to applicable laws.*

## Bid cum Application Form

Copies of the Bid cum Application Form (other than for Anchor Investors) and the abridged prospectus will be available at the offices of the Book Running Lead Manager, the Designated Intermediaries at Bidding Centres, and Corporate Office of our Company. An electronic copy of the Bid cum Application Form will also be available for download on the websites of the NSE, at least one day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date.

Copies of the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the offices of the Book Running Lead Manager.

ASBA Bidders (other than UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism) must provide bank account details and authorization to block funds in their respective ASBA Accounts in the relevant space provided in the ASBA Form and the ASBA Forms that do not contain such details are liable to be rejected. The ASBA Bidders shall ensure that they have sufficient balance in their bank accounts to be blocked through ASBA for their respective Bid as the application made by a Bidder shall only be processed after the Bid amount is blocked in the ASBA account of the Bidder.

ASBA Bidders shall ensure that the Bids are made on ASBA Forms bearing the stamp of the Designated Intermediary, submitted at the Bidding Centres only (except in case of electronic ASBA Forms) and the ASBA Forms not bearing such