Dhara Rail Projects Limited

recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees, compensation towards loss of profit, and underutilization of resources. The matter is currently pending adjudication before the arbitral tribunal.

5. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, Central Railway, CST Mumbai ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated February 01, 2012, for replacement of DG set 62.5 KVA at Burhanpur and DG set 30 KVA at 5 Bunglow substation at Bhusawal. The contract was terminated by the counterparty vide letter dated December 15, 2015, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees, compensation towards loss of profit, and underutilization of resources. The matter is currently pending adjudication before the arbitral tribunal.

6. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, Central Railway, CST Mumbai ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated December 04, 2015, for comprehensive annual maintenance contract of DG Set, alternator and other control distribution system installed in power car including escorting of LTT-ALD Duranto Express, LTT-NZM & LTT-LKO AC superfast trains express of Mumbai Division for a period of 2 years. The contract was terminated by the counterparty vide letter dated February 23, 2016, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees, compensation towards loss of restraining and our Company to participate in retender. The matter is currently pending adjudication before the arbitral tribunal.

7. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, Central Railway, CST Mumbai ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated September 09, 2011, for comprehensive annual maintenance contract of power car of Deccan Odyssey Luxury Train of Mumbai Division for a period of 2 years. Our Company is entitled towards the payment of escalation till the completion of work i.e. September 14, 2013 and even till the forceful extension imposed on our Company till December 31, 2015, which was due to defaults and failure on the part of Respondents to provide Power Cars on piecemeal basis, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees, compensation towards loss of profit, and underutilization of resources. The matter is currently pending adjudication before the arbitral tribunal.

8. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, South Western Railway, Karnataka ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated February 07, 2017, for outsourcing of non-core activities for maintenance of batteries, fans and other cleaning in non-AC coaches at Bangalore depot for 2 years. The contract was deemed closed on December 14, 2018 and the stipulated period of contract ended on February 06, 2019, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees, compensation towards loss of profit, and underutilization of resources. The matter is currently pending adjudication before the arbitral tribunal.

9. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, Central Railway, CSMT Mumbai ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated March 25, 2019, for IOH of (Electrical Work) Main Line Coach Bogies. The Respondent failed to provide the required space, delaying the work and preventing its completion within the original 12-month period, leading to 3 extensions. By letter dated April 19, 2022, the Respondent further directed the our Company to execute additional quantities of work. Finally, the Contract was revised through the 4th and final variation on March 03, 2023, increasing its value to a 45% variation of the original value, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees, compensation towards loss of restraining and our Company to participate in retender. The matter is currently pending adjudication before the arbitral tribunal.

10. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, South Western Railway, Karnataka ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated February 20, 2020, for refurbishment of 140 1CF designed Coaches, provision of LED light fittings & mobile /laptop charging points in AC & Non-AC Coaches arrived for POH at Central Workshops- Mysuru South. The contract was foreclosed by the counterparty vide letter dated September 28, 2021, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for recovery of unpaid dues, refund of deposits and guarantees,