Dhara Rail Projects Limited

IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT SUBMISSION OF OFFER DOCUMENT TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SEBI) SHOULD NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED OR APPROVED BY SEBI. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY EITHER FOR THE FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF ANY SCHEME OR THE PROJECT FOR WHICH THE ISSUE IS PROPOSED TO BE MADE OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THE OFFER DOCUMENT. THE LEAD MERCHANT BANKER, HEM SECURITIES LIMITED HAS CERTIFIED THAT THE DISCLOSURES MADE IN THE OFFER DOCUMENT ARE GENERALLY ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SEBI (ISSUE OF CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018 IN FORCE FOR THE TIME BEING. THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE INVESTORS TO TAKE AN INFORMED DECISION FOR MAKING INVESTMENT IN THE PROPOSED ISSUE.

IT SHOULD ALSO BE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE ISSUER IS PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, ADEQUACY AND DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION IN THE OFFER DOCUMENT, THE LEAD MERCHANT BANKER, HEM SECURITIES LIMITED IS EXPECTED TO EXERCISE DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE THAT THE ISSUER DISCHARGES ITS RESPONSIBILITY ADEQUATELY IN THIS BEHALF AND TOWARDS THIS PURPOSE, THE LEAD MERCHANT BANKER HAS FURNISHED TO SEBI A DUE DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE DATED SEPTEMBER 30, 2025. IN THE FORMAT PRESCRIBED UNDER SCHEDULE V(A) OF THE SEBI (ISSUE OF CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018.

THE FILING OF THIS DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/OFFER DOCUMENT DOES NOT, HOWEVER, ABSOLVE OUR COMPANY FROM ANY LIABILITIES UNDER SECTION 34, SECTION 35, SECTION 36 AND SECTION 38 (1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 OR FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY AND / OR OTHER CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PROPOSED ISSUE. SEBI FURTHER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TAKE UP AT ANY POINT OF TIME, WITH THE BRLM ANY IRREGULARITIES OR LAPSES IN THE DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/OFFER DOCUMENT.

All legal requirements pertaining to the Issue will be complied with at the time of registration of the Red Herring Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai in terms of sections 26, 32 and 33 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Statement on Price Information of Past Issues handled by Hem Securities Limited:

<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Issue name</th><th>Issue size (₹ in Cr.)</th><th>Issue Price (₹)</th><th>Listing date</th><th>Opening Price on listing date</th><th>+/-% change in closing price, [+/- % change in closing benchmark]- 30th calendar days from listing</th><th>+/- % change in closing price, [+/- % change in closing benchmark]- 90th calendar days from listing</th><th>+/- % change in closing price, [+/- % change in closing benchmark]- 180th calendar days from listing</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="9">SME IPO's</td></tr><tr><td>1.</td><td>Readymix Construction Machinery Limited</td><td>37.66</td><td>123.00</td><td>February 13, 2025</td><td>123.00</td><td>-33.25% [-2.75%]</td><td>-34.88% [6.72%]</td><td>-8.94% [6.75%]</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Tankup Engineers Limited</td><td>19.53</td><td>140.00</td><td>April 30, 2025</td><td>175.00</td><td>75.25% [2.05%]</td><td>144.96% [1.42%]</td><td>N.A.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Unified Data- Tech Solutions Limited</td><td>144.47</td><td>273.00</td><td>May 29, 2025</td><td>285.00</td><td>16.25% [2.97%]</td><td>19.07% [-1.04%]</td><td>N.A.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Monolithisch India Limited</td><td>82.02</td><td>143.00</td><td>June 19, 2025</td><td>231.55</td><td>195.94% [0.71%]</td><td>218.53% [1.80%]</td><td>N.A.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Safe Enterprises Retail Fixtures Limited</td><td>169.74</td><td>138.00</td><td>June 27, 2025</td><td>151.00</td><td>62.50% [-3.12%]</td><td>48.19% [-2.27%]</td><td>N.A.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Shri Hare-Krishna Sponge Iron Limited</td><td>29.91</td><td>59.00</td><td>July 01, 2025</td><td>64.80</td><td>8.74% [-2.69%]</td><td>6.27% [-3.47%]</td><td>N.A.</td></tr></tbody></table>

242