<table><thead><tr><th colspan="8">Tejas Lalit Mehta</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>September 24, 2025</td><td>31,10,000</td><td>10</td><td>-</td><td>Bonus Issue<br>(110:1)</td><td>[•]</td><td>3 years</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Assuming full subscription to the Issue.

The minimum Promoter's contribution has been brought in to the extent of not less than the specified minimum lot and from persons defined as "Promoter" under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. All Equity Shares, which are being locked in are not ineligible for computation of Minimum Promoters Contribution as per Regulation 237 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and are being locked in for 3 years as per Regulation 238(a) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 i.e. for a period of three years from the date of allotment of Equity Shares in this issue.

No Equity Shares proposed to be locked-in as Minimum Promoter's Contribution have been issued out of revaluation reserve or for consideration other than cash and revaluation of assets or capitalization of intangible assets, involved in such transactions.

### Eligibility of Share for "Minimum Promoter Contribution in terms of clauses of Regulation 237(1) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018

<table><thead><tr><td>Reg. No.</td><td>Promoters' Minimum Contribution Conditions</td><td>Eligibility Status of Equity Shares forming part of Promoter's Contribution</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>237(1)(a) (i)</td><td>Specified securities acquired during the preceding three years, if they are acquired for consideration other than cash and revaluation of assets or capitalization of intangible assets is involved in such transaction</td><td>The minimum Promoter's contribution does not consist of such Equity Shares. <u>Hence Eligible</u></td></tr><tr><td>237 (1)(a)(ii)</td><td>Specified securities acquired during the preceding three years, resulting from a bonus issue by utilization of revaluation reserves or unrealized profits of the issuer or from bonus issue against Equity Shares which are ineligible for minimum promoters' contribution</td><td>The minimum Promoter's contribution does not consist of such Equity Shares. <u>Hence Eligible</u></td></tr><tr><td>237 (1)(b)</td><td>Specified securities acquired by promoters during the preceding one year at a price lower than the price at which specified securities are being offered to public in the initial public offer</td><td>The minimum Promoter's contribution does not consist of such Equity Shares. <u>Hence Eligible.</u></td></tr><tr><td>237(1)(c)</td><td>Specified securities allotted to promoters during the preceding one year at a price less than the issue price, against funds brought in by them during that period, in case of an issuer formed by conversion of one or more partnership firms, where the partners of the erstwhile partnership firms are the promoters of the issuer and there is no change in the management: Provided that specified securities, allotted to promoters against capital existing in such firms for a period of more than one year on a continuous basis, shall be eligible</td><td>The minimum Promoter's contribution does not consist of such Equity Shares. <u>Hence Eligible.</u></td></tr><tr><td>237 (1)(d)</td><td>Specified securities pledged with any creditor.</td><td>Our Promoters have not Pledged any shares with any creditors. Accordingly, the minimum Promoter's contribution does not consist of such Equity Shares. <u>Hence Eligible.</u></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Details of Promoter's Contribution Locked-in for one year and two years

In terms of Regulation 238(b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and SEBI (ICDR) (Amendment) Regulations, 2025, in addition to the Minimum Promoters contribution which is locked in for three years held by the promoters, as specified above, the 50% of pre-issue Equity Shares share capital constituting 37,17,223 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each shall be locked in for a period of one year and remaining 50% of pre-issue Equity Shares share capital constituting 37,17,223 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each shall be locked in for a period of two years from the date of allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue.