Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>QIB Category/ QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the Net Issue (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50% of the Net Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares aggregating to ₹[●] lakhs which shall be Allotted to QIBs (including Anchor Investors) on a proportionate basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in which allocation shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price or Anchor Investor Issue Price (for Anchor Investors).</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Institutional Buyers/ QIBs/ QIB Bidders</td><td>Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Red Herring Prospectus/ RHP</td><td>The Red Herring Prospectus to be issued by our Company in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, and the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be offered and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.<br>The Bid/ Issue Opening Date shall be at least three Working Days after the registration of Red Herring Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies. The Red Herring Prospectus will become the Prospectus upon filing with the Registrar of Companies after the Pricing Date, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account opened with the Refund Bank, from which refunds, if any, of the whole or part, of the Bid Amount to the Anchor Investors shall be made.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Bank/ Refund Banker</td><td>Bank which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as Bankers to the Issue at which the Refund Account will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Refund through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Refunds through NECS, direct credit, RTGS or NEFT, as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Broker</td><td>Individuals or companies registered with SEBI as "Trading Members" (except Syndicate/Sub-Syndicate Members) who hold valid membership either NSE having right to trade in stocks listed on Stock Exchanges, through which investors can buy or sell securities listed on stock exchanges, a list of which is available on the website of the Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar Agreement</td><td>The Registrar Agreement dated September 27, 2025 entered into between our Company and the Registrar to the Issue, in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue pertaining to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar and Share Transfer Agents or RTAs</td><td>The registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids from relevant Bidders at the Designated RTA Locations in terms of SEBI circular number CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI and available on the websites of the Stock Exchange at https://www.nseindia.com/</td></tr><tr><td>Registrar/ Registrar to the Issue / RTA/ RTI</td><td>Registrar to the Issue, in this case being Bigshare Services Private Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Resident Indian</td><td>A person resident in India, as defined under FEMA</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation S</td><td>Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Regulations</td><td>SEBI (Issue of Capital And Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Reservation Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue reserved for category of eligible Bidders as provided under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>Reserved Category/ Categories</td><td>Categories of persons eligible for making application under reservation portion.</td></tr><tr><td>Revision Form</td><td>The form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount in any of their Bid Cum Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s), as applicable. None of the Bidders are allowed to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage.</td></tr><tr><td>Securities laws</td><td>Means the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules and regulations made thereunder and the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the Board thereunder and the provisions of the Companies</td></tr></tbody></table>

11