Dhara Rail Projects Limited

to quality standards is a critical factor as a defect in products or services provided by our Company or failure to comply with the specifications of our clients may, in turn, lead to the faulty end products or services. This may lead to cancellation of orders by our clients and at certain instances may impose additional costs in the form of damages or penalties. Further our processes are exposed to regular inspection by our clients to ensure that their internal standards are appropriately met. Any non-compliance observed during inspection may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

**11. We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.**

Our business requires significant working capital in connection with financing our inventory, providing performance guarantees which are generally maintained throughout the execution period of the project, providing earnest money deposits, purchase of materials etc. which may be adversely affected by changes in terms of credit and payment. We are required to maintain a high level of working capital as a large amount of our working capital is blocked in availing performance guarantee for our tenders, in trade receivables and inventories. Payments under ongoing purchase orders or of advance payments and/or accelerated payments to suppliers, fixed deposits to facilitate performance guarantees to our clients, making earnest money deposits could adversely affect our working capital, lower our cash flows and materially increase the amount of working capital to be funded. We may also be unable to adequately finance our working capital requirements on account of various factors, including extraneous factors such as delay in disbursements under our financing arrangements, increased interest rates, insurance or other costs, or borrowing and lending restrictions or finance our working capital requirements on commercially acceptable terms or at all, devolvement of our performance guarantees etc., each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. Continued increase in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations.

For details, kindly refer section titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on Page 166 and "Objects of the Issue" beginning on page 87 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**12. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses to which we may be subject and this may have a material effect on our business and financial condition.**

Our operations are subject to accidents which are inherent to any business such as risks of employee accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions including accidents that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environment. We have taken ICICI Bharat Sookshma Udyam Suraksha from ICICI Lombard for our registered office which provide general insurance to building, furniture fixtures & fittings. Along with this, we have taken Vehicle Insurance from Reliance General Insurance and have taken Life Insurance Policy for our promoter Tejas Lalit Mehta from ICICI Prudential life insurance.

There can be no assurance that any claims under the aforesaid insurance policies will be fully honored, partially honored, or paid in a timely manner, nor can we assure that we have sufficient insurance coverage (either in terms of amount or risks covered) to address all material losses. Our insurance policies are subject to annual renewal and may include exclusions or limitations in coverage, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew them on similar or acceptable terms.

Further, we have not taken insurance in respect of our corporate office situated in Mumbai. Failure to effectively cover ourselves against the associated risks may potentially lead to material losses. If we suffer a significant uninsured loss or if insurance claim in respect of the subject matter of insurance is not accepted or any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

**13. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our Company's financial condition and results of operations.**

We have entered into various transactions with our Directors/Promoters, Promoter Group members and Group company. These transactions, inter-alia include, remuneration, loans and advances, sales, purchase etc. For details, please refer to "Annexure –