Dhara Rail Projects Limited

# SECTION IV – INTRODUCTION

## THE ISSUE

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="2">PRESENT ISSUE IN TERMS OF THIS DRAFT RED HERRING PROSPECTUS</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Equity Shares Issued through Public Issue <sup>(1) (2)*</sup></td><td>Issue of upto 39,84,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Out of which:</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker Portion Reservation</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Issue to Public <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Out of which*</strong></td></tr><tr><td>A. QIB Portion <sup>(4)(5)</sup></td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Of which*</strong></td></tr><tr><td>i) Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>ii) Net QIB Portion (assuming the Anchor Investor Portion is fully subscribed)</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Of which*</strong></td></tr><tr><td>(a) Available for allocation to Mutual Funds only (5% of the Net QIB Portion)</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>(b) Balance of QIB Portion for all QIBs including Mutual Funds</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>B. Non-Institutional Category</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Of which*</strong></td></tr><tr><td>(a) One-third of the Non-Institutional Portion available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10 lakhs</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>(b) Two-third of the portion available to non-institutional investors shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹10 lakhs</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>C. Individual Investor Portion</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●] (including a Share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) per share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Pre and Post Issue Equity Shares:</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

54