Dhara Rail Projects Limited

and Services Tax Act, 2017 (IGST) and Goods and Services Tax (Compensation to States) Act, 2017 and various rules made thereunder.

Every person liable to take registration under these Acts shall do so within a period of 30 days from the date on which he becomes liable to registration. The Central/State authority shall issue the registration certificate upon receipt of application. The Certificate shall contain fifteen-digit registration numbers known as Goods and Service Tax Identification Number (GSTIN). In case a person has multiple business verticals in multiple locations in a state, a separate application will be made for registration of each and every location. The registered assesses is then required to pay GST as per the rules applicable thereon and file the appropriate returns as applicable thereon. GST has replaced following indirect taxes and duties at the central and state levels.

## GENERAL STATUTORY LEGISLATIONS

### COMPANIES ACT, 2013 ("COMPANIES ACT")

The Companies Act, 2013, has replaced the Companies Act, 1956 in a phased manner. The Act received the assent of President of India on 29th August 2013. The Companies Act deals with incorporation of companies and the procedure for incorporation and post incorporation. The conversion of private company into public company and vice versa is also laid down under the Companies Act, 2013. The procedure related to appointment of Directors. The procedure relating to winding up, voluntary winding up, appointment of liquidator also forms part of the Act. Further, Schedule V (read with sections 196 and 197), Part I lays down the conditions to be fulfilled for the appointment of a managing or whole-time director or manager. It provides the list of Acts under which if a person is prosecuted, he cannot be appointed as the director or Managing Director or Manager of a Company. The provisions relating to remuneration of the director's payable by the companies is under Part II of the said schedule.

### COMPETITION ACT, 2002

The Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominant positions by enterprises and regulates combinations in India. The Competition Act also established the Competition Commission of India (the CCI) as the authority mandated to implement the Competition Act. The provisions of the Competition Act relating to combinations were notified recently on March 4, 2011, and came into effect on June 1, 2011. Combinations which are Likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in a relevant market in India are void under the Competition Act. A combination is defined under Section 5 of the Competition Act as an acquisition, merger or amalgamation of enterprise(s) that meets certain asset or turnover thresholds. There are also different thresholds for those categorized as Individuals and Group. The CCI may enquire into all combinations, even if taking place outside India, or between parties outside India, if such combination is Likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Effective June 1, 2011, all combinations have to be notified to the CCI within 30 days of the execution of any agreement or other document for any acquisition of assets, shares, voting rights or control of an enterprise under Section 5(a) and (b) of the Competition Act (including any binding document conveying an agreement or decision to acquire control, shares, voting rights or assets of an enterprise); or the board of directors of a company (or an equivalent authority in case of other entities approving a proposal for a merger or amalgamation under Section 5(c) of the Competition Act. The obligation to notify a combination to the CCI falls upon the acquirer in case of an acquisition, and on all parties to the combination jointly in case of a merger or amalgamation.

### INDIAN CONTRACT ACT, 1872

The Contract Act is the legislation which lays down the general principles relating to formation, performance and enforceability of contracts. The rights and duties of parties and the specific terms of agreement are decided by the contracting parties themselves, under the general principles set forth in the Contract Act. The Contract Act also provides for circumstances under which contracts will be considered as 'void' or 'voidable'. The Contract Act contains provisions governing certain special contracts, including indemnity, guarantee, bailment, pledge, and agency.

### SPECIFIC RELIEF ACT, 1963

The Specific Relief Act, 1963 is complimentary to the provisions of the Contract Act and the Transfer of Property Act, as the Act applies both to movable property and immovable property. The Act applies in cases where the Court can order specific performance of a contract. Specific relief can be granted only for purpose of enforcing individual civil rights and not for the