Dhara Rail Projects Limited

# OUR MANAGEMENT

## Board of Directors:

Under Articles of Association of our Company, the number of directors shall not be less than 3 (three) and not be more than 15 (Fifteen), subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have 5 (Five) Directors on our Board, which includes 1 (One) Managing Director, 1 (One) Whole Time Director, 1 (One) Non-Executive Director, and 2 (Two) Independent Directors, out of which, Board of Directors comprises of Three (3) woman directors. The present composition of our Board and its committees is in accordance with the corporate governance requirements prescribed under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The following table sets forth the details regarding the Board of Directors of our Company as on the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

<table><thead><tr><td>Name, Designation, Age, Date of Birth, Address, Experience, Occupation, Qualifications, Current term, Period of Directorship and DIN</td><td>Other Directorships</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Name:</strong> Tejas Lalit Mehta<br/><strong>Designation:</strong> Chairman & Managing Director<br/><strong>Age:</strong> 51 years<br/><strong>Date of Birth:</strong> August 24, 1974<br/><strong>Address:</strong> B-231, Kalpataru Towers, Off Akurli Road, Military Road, Opp. ESIS Hospital, Kandivali East, Mumbai-400101, Maharashtra, India.<br/><strong>Experience:</strong> 24 years<br/><strong>Occupation:</strong> Business<br/><strong>Qualification:</strong> Higher Secondary Certificate (12<sup>th</sup>)<br/><strong>Current Term:</strong> Re-designated as Chairman & Managing Director for a period of 3 years, w.e.f. September 10, 2025 and liable to retire by rotation<br/><strong>Period of Directorship:</strong> since incorporation<br/><strong>DIN:</strong> 02783675</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Name:</strong> Jagruti Tejas Mehta<br/><strong>Designation:</strong> Whole Time Director<br/><strong>Age:</strong> 52 years<br/><strong>Date of Birth:</strong> April 25, 1973<br/><strong>Address:</strong> B-231, Kalpataru Towers, Off Akurli Road, Military Road, Opp. ESIS Hospital, Kandivali East, Mumbai-400101, Maharashtra, India.<br/><strong>Experience:</strong> 24 years<br/><strong>Occupation:</strong> Business<br/><strong>Qualification:</strong> Bachelor of Commerce (Second Year)<br/><strong>Current Term:</strong> Re-designated as Whole Time Director for a period of 3 years, w.e.f. September 10, 2025 and liable to retire by rotation<br/><strong>Period of Directorship:</strong> since incorporation<br/><strong>DIN:</strong> 02783659</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Name:</strong> Dhara Tejas Mehta<br/><strong>Designation:</strong> Non-Executive Director<br/><strong>Age:</strong> 29 years<br/><strong>Date of Birth:</strong> April 10, 1996<br/><strong>Address:</strong> B-231, Kalpataru Towers, Off Akurli Road, Military Road, Opp. ESIS Hospital, Kandivali East, Mumbai-400101, Maharashtra, India.<br/><strong>Experience:</strong> 5 Years<br/><strong>Occupation:</strong> Professional</td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

143