P.M. (IST) on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bid-Cum- Application Forms are received on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public Issue, some Bid-Cum- Application Forms may not get uploaded due to the lack of sufficient time. Such Bid-Cum- Application Forms that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under this Issue. Applications will be accepted only on Working Days, i.e., Monday to Friday (excluding any public holidays). Neither our Company nor the Book Running Lead Manager is liable for any failure in uploading the Bid-Cum- Application Forms due to faults in any software/hardware system or otherwise.

In accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower the size of their application (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Application amount) at any stage. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Bid-Cum- Application Form, for a particular Bidder, the details as per the file received from Stock Exchange may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical or electronic Bid-Cum- Application Form, for a particular ASBA Bidder, the Registrar to the Issue shall ask the relevant SCSBs / RTAs / DPs / stock brokers, as the case may be, for the rectified data.

Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, reserves the right to revise the Price Band during the Bid/ Issue Period. The revision in the Price Band shall not exceed 20% on either side, i.e. the Floor Price can move up or down to the extent of 20% of the Floor Price and the Cap Price will be revised accordingly. The Floor Price shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.

In case of any revision to the Price Band, the Bid/ Issue Period will be extended by at least three additional Working Days following such revision of the Price Band, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding a total of 10 Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/ Issue Period for a minimum of one Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band and the revised Bid/ Issue Period, if applicable, will be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchange, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the respective websites of the Book Running Lead Manager and the terminals of the Syndicate Members, if any and by intimation to SCSBs, other Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank, as applicable. In case of revision of Price Band, the Bid Lot shall remain the same.

## Minimum Subscription and Underwriting

Minimum subscription in the issue is 90% and the issue is 100% underwritten. As per Section 39 of the Companies Act, 2013, if the stated minimum amount is not subscribed and the sum payable on application is not received within a period of 30 days from the date of the Prospectus, or such other period as may be specified by the SEBI, the application money has to be returned within such period as may be prescribed. If the stated minimum amount has not been subscribed and the sum payable on application is not received within the period specified therein, then the application money shall be repaid within a period of fifteen days from the closure of the issue and if any such money is not so repaid within such period, the directors of the company who are officers in default shall jointly and severally be liable to repay that money with interest at the rate of fifteen percent per annum.

In terms of Regulation 272(2) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, in case the Company fails to obtain listing or trading permission from the stock exchanges where the specified securities are proposed to be listed, it shall refund through verifiable means the entire monies received within four days of receipt of intimation from stock exchange(s) rejecting the application for listing of specified securities, and if any such money is not repaid within four days after the issuer becomes liable to repay it, the issuer and every director of the company who is an officer in default shall, on and from the expiry of the fourth day, be jointly and severally liable to repay that money with interest at the rate of fifteen per cent per annum.

Further, in accordance with Regulation 268(1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company shall ensure that the number of prospective allottees to whom the Equity Shares will allotted will not be less than 200 (Two Hundred). In terms of Regulation 260 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Issue is 100% underwritten. For details of underwriting arrangement, kindly refer the chapter titled "General Information - Underwriting" on page 69 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, in accordance with Regulation 267 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the minimum application size in terms of number of specified securities shall not be less than two lots. Provided that minimum application size shall be above ₹2 lakhs.