Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Cap Price</td><td>The higher end of the price band above which the Issue Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids (or a revision thereof) will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Client Id</td><td>Client Identification Number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to Demat account.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Depository Participants or CDPs</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Applications at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI and the SEBI UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI, as per the list available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges, https://www.nseindia.com/ as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Collecting Registrar and Share Transfer Agent</td><td>Registrar to the Issue and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids at the Designated RTA Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI and of the SEBI UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>Controlling Branches of the SCSBs</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the BRLM, the Registrar to the Issue and the Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Demographic Details</td><td>The demographic details of the bidders such as their Address, PAN, name of the Bidders father/husband, investor status, Occupation and Bank Account details and UPI ID, wherever applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories Act</td><td>The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Depository / Depositories</td><td>A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time, being NSDL and CDSL.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated CDP Locations</td><td>Such locations of the CDPs where Bidder can submit the Bid-Cum-Application Forms to Collecting Depository Participants. The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept Bid-Cum-Application Forms are available on the website of the Stock Exchange i.e. https://www.nseindia.com/</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Date</td><td>The date on which the funds from the Anchor Escrow Accounts are transferred to the Public Issue Account or the Refund Account(s), as appropriate, and the relevant amounts blocked by the SCSBs are transferred from the ASBA Accounts, to the Public Issue Account and/or are unblocked, as applicable, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus after finalization of basis of allotment with the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Intermediaries, Collecting Agent</td><td>An SCSB's with whom the bank account to be blocked, is maintained, a syndicate member (or sub-syndicate member), a Stock Broker registered with recognized Stock Exchange, a Depositary Participant, a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (RTA) (whose names is mentioned on website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity)</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Market Maker</td><td>Member Brokers of NSE who are specifically registered as Market Makers with the NSE Emerge. In our case, [●] is the sole Market Marker.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated RTA Locations</td><td>Such locations of the RTAs where Bidder can submit the Bid-Cum-Application Forms to RTAs. The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Bid-Cum-Application Forms are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. https://www.nseindia.com/</td></tr><tr><td>Designated SCSB Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Application Form from the Applicant and a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes. Recognized Intermediaries or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE Emerge i.e., SME platform of NSE)</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td><td>This Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated September 30, 2025 in relation to the Issue, issued in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, which does not contain complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted and the size of the Issue, including any addendum or corrigendum thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Electronic Transfer of Funds</td><td>Refunds through NACH, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI(s)</td><td>NRI(s) eligible to invest under Schedule 3 and Schedule 4 of the FEMA Rules, from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or invitation under the</td></tr></tbody></table>