Dhara Rail Projects Limited

DIVIDEND POLICY

Under the Companies Act, 2013, our Company can pay dividends upon a recommendation by its Board of Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the General Meeting and as per provisions of Articles of Association of our Company. The shareholders of the Company have the right to decrease but not to increase the amount of dividend recommended by the Board of Directors. The dividends may be paid out of profits of our Company in the year in which the dividend is declared or out of the undistributed profits or reserves of previous fiscal years or out of both.

The Articles of Association of our Company also gives the discretion to our Board of Directors to declare and pay interim dividends. No dividend shall be payable for any financial year except out of profits of our Company for that year or that of any previous financial year or years, which shall be arrived at after providing for depreciation in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. All Dividends upon recommendation by our Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders at the General Meeting will be paid to credit of registered shareholders by way of cheque or warrant or in any electronic mode.

Our Company does not have a formal dividend policy for declaration of dividend in respect of Equity shares. The declaration and payment of dividend will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders of our Company at their discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the results of operations, earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial conditions, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors.

Our Company has not paid /declared any dividend on the equity shares in the last three financial years from date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in future. Our Company's corporate actions pertaining to payment of dividends in the past are not to be taken as being indicative of the payment of dividends by our Company in the future. For details in relation to the risk involved, please refer section titled "Risk Factors" on page 32 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.