Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Chairman & Managing Director/ CMD</td><td>The Chairman & Managing Director of our Company being Tejas Lalit Mehta.</td></tr><tr><td>CIN</td><td>Corporate Identification Number being U74210MH2010PLC201669.</td></tr><tr><td>Companies Act/ Act</td><td>The Companies Act, 2013 and amendments thereto and erstwhile Companies Act 1956 as applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Committee(s)</td><td>Duly constituted and re-constituted committee(s) of our Board of Directors, as described in "Our Management – Committees of the Board" on page 150 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Company Secretary and Compliance Officer</td><td>The Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of our Company being Suraj Bohra (M. No. A56647)</td></tr><tr><td>Corporate Office</td><td>The Corporate Office of our Company situated at 208, 2<sup>nd</sup> Floor, Plot-16, The Jewel Roxy Chambers, Mama Parmanand Marg, Opera House, Girgaon, Mumbai-400004, Maharashtra, India.</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories</td><td>A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time, being. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL).</td></tr><tr><td>Depositories Act</td><td>The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s) / our Directors</td><td>The Director(s) of our Company, unless otherwise specified. For further details of our Directors, please refer to section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>DP/ Depository Participant</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996</td></tr><tr><td>DP ID</td><td>Depository's Participant's Identity Number</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shareholders/ Shareholders</td><td>Persons/ Entities holding Equity Shares of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>Equity Shares of the Company of face value of ₹10/- each unless otherwise specified in the context thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Executive Directors</td><td>Executive Directors are the Managing Director & Whole-time Director of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive Economic Offender</td><td>Shall mean an individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018)</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies/ Group Company</td><td>Such Companies / Entities as covered under the applicable accounting standards and such other Companies as considered material by the Board, in accordance with the Materiality Policy adopted by the Board of Directors. For details, please refer chapter titled "Our Group Company" on page 235 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director</td><td>An Independent Director as defined under Section 2(47) of the Companies Act, 2013 and as defined under the Listing Regulations. For details of our Independent Directors, see "Our Management" on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number. In this case being INE2HJL01019</td></tr><tr><td>IBC</td><td>The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016</td></tr><tr><td>JV/ Joint Venture</td><td>A commercial enterprise undertaken jointly by two or more parties which otherwise retain their distinct identities.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Management Personnel/ KMP's</td><td>Key Management Personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Section 2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013. For details, see section titled "Our Management" on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>MOA/ Memorandum/ Memorandum of Association</td><td>Memorandum of Association of our Company, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Materiality Policy</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board on September 27, 2025 for identification of Group Companies, material outstanding litigation and material outstanding dues to creditors, pursuant to the disclosure requirements under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Executive Directors</td><td>Non-executive director(s) of our Company, as described in "Our Management" on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr></tbody></table>