Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><tr><td>1.</td><td>Tejas Lalit Mehta</td><td>Chairman &amp; Managing Director</td><td>02783675</td><td>B-231, Kalpataru Towers, Off Akurli Road, Military Road, Opp. ESIS Hospital, Kandivali East, Mumbai-400101, Maharashtra, India.</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Jagruti Tejas Mehta</td><td>Whole Time Director</td><td>02783659</td><td>B-231, Kalpataru Towers, Off Akurli Road, Military Road, Opp. ESIS Hospital, Kandivali East, Mumbai-400101, Maharashtra, India.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Dhara Tejas Mehta</td><td>Non-Executive Director</td><td>06931419</td><td>B-231, Kalpataru Towers, Off Akurli Road, Military Road, Opp. ESIS Hospital, Kandivali East, Mumbai-400101, Maharashtra, India.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Sachin Mahendra Sheth</td><td>Independent Director</td><td>11232287</td><td>C-703 Rahul C.H.S. Borsapada, Near Poisar Gymkhana, Kandivali West, Mumbai-400067, Maharashtra, India.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Charmi Monil Shah</td><td>Independent Director</td><td>11237486</td><td>A-2002, Building No. 141, Gurukrupa Gangav, Vallabh Baug Lane Extension, Ghatkoper East, Mumbai-400075, Maharashtra, India.</td></tr></table>

For detailed profile of our Board of Directors, please refer to chapter titled "Our Management" on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

<table><thead><tr><th>Chief Financial Officer</th><th>Company Secretary and Compliance Officer</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Shivaraja Annappa Devadiga</strong><br>Dhara Rail Projects Limited<br>Gala No. O, 196-K, Girgaum Gaiwadi, Girgaum, Mumbai-400004, Maharashtra, India<br>Tel: +91-22-23865040<br>Email: accounts@drppl.com<br>Website: https://drppl.com/</td><td><strong>Suraj Bohra</strong><br>Dhara Rail Projects Limited<br>Gala No. O, 196-K, Girgaum Gaiwadi, Girgaum, Mumbai-400004, Maharashtra, India<br>Tel: +91-22-23865040<br>Email: cs@drppl.com<br>Website: https://drppl.com/</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Investor Grievances:

Bidders may contact our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and/or the Registrar to the Issue and/or Book Running Lead Manager in case of any Pre-Issue or Post-Issue related grievances, such as non-receipt of letters of allotment, non-credit of allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account or unblocking of ASBA Account, etc. For all the Issue related queries and for redressal of complaints, bidders may also write to the Book Running Lead Manager:

All grievances in relation to the application through ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary with whom the ASBA Form was submitted, giving details such as the full name of the sole or First Applicant, ASBA Form number, Applicants DP ID, Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, date of submission of ASBA Form, address of Bidder, the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary, where the ASBA Form was submitted by the Bidder, ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked and UPI ID used by the Individual Investors. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip from the Designated Intermediaries in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove.

All grievances relating to the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, giving full details such as name of the sole or first Applicant, Bid cum Application Form number, Applicants DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Anchor Investor Application Form, address of the Applicant, number of Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form and the name and address of the relevant BRLM where the Anchor Investor Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor. For all Issue related queries and for redressal of complaints, investors may also write to the BRLM.

Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip or the application number from the Designated Intermediaries in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. All grievances relating to Bids submitted through Registered