Dhara Rail Projects Limited

The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, as amended, regulates the employment of pregnant women and ensures that they get paid leave for a specified period during and after their pregnancy. The Maternity Benefit Act is applicable to establishments in which 10 or more employees are employed or were employed on any day of the preceding 12 months. Under the Maternity Benefit Act, a mandatory period of leave and benefits should be granted to female employees who have worked in the establishment for a minimum period of 80 days in the preceding 12 months from the date of her expected delivery. Such benefits essentially include payment of average daily wage for the period of actual absence of the female employee. The maximum period for which any woman shall be entitled to maternity benefit shall be 12 weeks, of which not more than six weeks shall precede the date of her expected delivery. Entitlement of six weeks of paid leave is also applicable in case of miscarriage or medical termination of pregnancy.

## MINIMUM WAGES ACT, 1948

The Minimum Wages Act, 1948 came into force with an objective to provide for the fixation of a minimum wage payable by the employer to the employee. Every employer is mandated to pay the minimum wages to all employees engaged to do any work skilled, unskilled, and manual or clerical (including out-workers) in any employment listed in the schedule to this Act, in respect of which minimum rates of wages have been fixed or revised under the Act.

## CONTRACT LABOUR (REGULATION AND ABOLITION) ACT, 1970, AS AMENDED (THE "CLRA ACT")

The Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, of 1970 (the "CLRA Act") requires a company to be registered as a principal employer and prescribes certain obligations with respect to the welfare and health of contract labourers. The CLRA vests responsibility in the principal employer of an establishment, to which the CLRA applies, to make an application to the concerned officer for registration of the concerned establishment. In the absence of such registration, contract labour cannot be employed in the concerned establishment. Likewise, every contractor, to whom the CLRA applies, is required to obtain a license and may not undertake or execute any work through contract labour except under and in accordance with the license issued. To ensure the welfare and health of the contract labour, the CLRA imposes certain obligations on the contractor in relation to the establishment of canteens, restrooms, drinking water, washing facilities, first aid, other facilities and payment of wages. However, in the event the contractor fails to provide these amenities, the principal employer is under an obligation to provide these facilities within a prescribed time period. Penalties, including both fines and imprisonment, may be levied for contravention of the provisions of the CLRA.

## EMPLOYEES' STATE INSURANCE ACT, 1948*

It Employees' State Insurance Act to provide for certain benefits to employees in case of sickness, maternity and employment injury and to make provision for certain other matters in relation thereto. Whereas it is expedient to provide for certain benefits to employees in case of sickness, maternity and employment injury and to make provision for certain other matters in relation thereto; this Act requires all the employees of the establishment to which this act applies to be insured to the manner provided there under. The Employer and Employees both are required to make contribution to the fund. The return of the contribution made is required to be filed with the Employee State Insurance department.

## EMPLOYEES' PROVIDENT FUNDS AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS ACT, 1952 ("EPF ACT")*

The EPF Act applies to factories employing over 20 employees and such other establishments and industrial undertakings as notified by the Government of India from time to time. It requires all such establishments to be registered with the State provident fund commissioner and requires such employers and their employees to contribute in equal proportion to the employees' provident fund the prescribed percentage of basic wages and dlearness and other allowances payable to employees. The EPF Act also requires the employer to maintain registers and submit a monthly return to the State provident fund commissioner.

## PAYMENT OF WAGES ACT, 1936

The Payment of Wages Act, 1936 as amended (the Payment of Wages Act) has been enacted to regulate the payment of wages in a particular form at regular intervals without unauthorized deductions and to ensure a speedy and effective remedy to employees against illegal deductions and / or unjustified delay caused in paying wages. It applies to the persons employed in a factory, industrial or other establishment, whether directly or indirectly, through a sub-contractor and provides for the