<table><thead><tr><th>Financial Year</th><th>Audit Qualifications</th><th>Management Reply</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>FY 2022-23</td><td>NIL</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td>FY 2023-24</td><td>Non provision of Leave Encashment and Defined contribution plans in respect of Employee Benefits as required by AS-15 leading to overstatement of profits.</td><td>Leave encashment is paid to employees in the year in which it becomes due. Unutilized leave is not permitted to be carried forward to subsequent financial years. Accordingly, there is no provision is required towards leave encashment liabilities.<br>Defined contribution plans include payment of EPF & ESI which is duty paid by the company on monthly basis.</td></tr><tr><td>FY 2024-25</td><td>NIL</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr></tbody></table>

**5. We do not own the registered office and corporate office from which we carry out our business activities. In case of nonrenewal of rent agreements or dispute in relation to use of the said premise, our business and results of operations can be adversely affected.**

Our office from which we carry out our business activities, are being taken by us on rent. We do not own the registered office and corporate office from which we carry out our business activities. While we have taken the corporate office on rent, our registered office is owned by our Promoter Tejas Lalit Mehta who has granted permission to use the said entity as the registered office through a no objection certificate (NOC). In the event of termination/non-renewal of said agreements, we may be required to vacate the said premises which may cause disruption in our corporate affairs and business and impede our effective operations which could temporarily impact on our business operations until we get suitable alternative premises. For details on the duration of existing rent/lease agreements for our premises, please refer to the section titled "Our Business" beginning on page 108 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

There can be no assurance that we will, in the future, be able to renew the rent agreement or NOC for the existing locations on same or similar terms, or will be able to find alternate location for the registered and corporate office on similar terms favourable to us, or at all. We may also fail to negotiate the renewal of our rent agreement for our corporate office, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could result in increased rental rates for subsequent renewals or searching of new location, affecting our financial condition and operations. In the event that the rent agreement is terminated or is not renewed on commercially acceptable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our business operations which could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

**6. Our business, growth prospects and financial performance largely depends on our ability to obtain new contracts, and there is no assurance that we will be able to procure new contracts.**

We actively participate in the competitive bidding process for various projects on an ongoing basis, with a focus on Railway maintenance. The Government of Railway typically awards contracts through a competitive bidding process, contingent upon meeting specified qualification criteria. It is important to acknowledge that there is no guarantee of our ability to fulfil these criteria in the future, whether independently or in collaboration with joint venture partners. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that we will be chosen to bid on contracts for which we are qualified, or that our submitted bids, whether pending or already submitted, will be accepted. In case we face challenges in securing new contracts, it will have a significant and adverse impact on our business.

**7. Tender are typically awarded to us on satisfaction of prescribed pre-qualification criteria and following a competitive bidding process. Our business and our financial condition may be adversely affected if new projects are not allotted to us.**

Open Tenders typically have two bidding systems. One is technical bid and another is financial bid. Technical bid cover technical ability ageing, years of experience, size of man power, Quality certifications, past performance, reputation for quality, safety record and size of previous contracts/projects in similar projects. Financial bid cover financial strength, financials for the previous three (3) years, turnover, net worth, solvency certificates etc. Price bid is also made with technical & financial bidding. However, price competitiveness still is a significant selection criterion.