We are dependent on third party suppliers for certain products to be used as tools or consumables. We source such material from various domestic suppliers. For the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 & 2023, purchases from our top ten suppliers amounted to Rs. 1287.57 Lakhs, Rs. 2203.14 Lakhs and Rs. 1386.40 Lakhs respectively, which represented 90.85%, 91.33% and 87.50% of our total material purchases, respectively, for the said period. We do not have any long-term supply contracts with these suppliers and therefore, we cannot assure that we shall always have a steady supply of material at prices favorable to us.

Any disruption of supply of materials from such suppliers could adversely impact our business if we are unable to replace such suppliers in a timely manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into new arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability.

Additionally, we source our material requirements indigenously. Major portion of our purchases of materials for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 is from the state of Maharashtra which is 68.22%, 96.14% and 95.17% of the total purchases of material, respectively, for the said period. Our cost of materials consumed constituted a significant component of our expenditure and in financial year ending March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 the same were Rs. 1417.26 Lakhs, Rs. 2412.22 lakhs and Rs. 1584.42 lakhs respectively, which constituted 35.93%, 79.72% and 61.13%, respectively, of our total expenses. For details related to purchases of stock in trade, kindly refer section titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Inadequate supply of required material or stock caused either by a sudden change in the prices or imposition of any new taxes or loss of any of our existing major vendors for any reason or any adverse change in the policies of Central/State Government may affect the availability of such material which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and profitability. Further, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions or changes in the policies of the state government or local governments may affect our continuing business operations which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. If we cannot fully offset increases in the cost of materials, through increases in the prices for our products, we would experience lower margins and profitability, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Further, discontinuation of such supply or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations.

If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of material from any of our suppliers and we cannot procure such material from other sources, we would be unable to meet the demand for our products and to deliver such products to our clients in a timely manner, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and relations. Further, our Company has outstanding dues of trade payables for the Fiscal years ending 2025, 2024 and 2023 of Rs. 824.14 lakhs, Rs. 1019.43 Lakhs and Rs. 637.00 lakhs respectively for the said period.

For details related to outstanding trade payables, kindly refer section titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

### 4. Statutory Auditors have included certain Qualifications on our Audited financial statements of FY 2023-24.

Details of Auditors qualifications and their impact on restated consolidated financial statement is given below.

a) Qualification which required adjustment in restated consolidated financial statements:

<table><thead><tr><td>Financial Year</td><td>Audit Qualifications</td><td>Remark</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>FY 2022-23</td><td>NIL</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td>FY 2023-24</td><td>Non provision of Gratuity in respect of Employee Benefits as required by AS-15 leading to overstatement of profits.</td><td>Provision for Gratuity was created in the audited financials for FY 2024-25 based on the valuation report of actuary and restated to respective year in the restated financial statements.</td></tr><tr><td>FY 2024-25</td><td>NIL</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr></tbody></table>

b) Qualification which does not require adjustment in restated consolidated financial statements: