<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Act, 2013 or any previous company law and any subordinate legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s) / SCSB(s)</td><td>(i) The banks registered with the SEBI which offer the facility of ASBA and the list of which is available on the website of the SEBI (https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=34) and updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.<br/>(ii) The banks registered with SEBI, enabled for UPI Mechanism, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=40 Applications through UPI in the Issue can be made only through the SCSBs mobile applications whose name appears on the SEBI website. A list of SCSBs and mobile application, which, are live for applying in public offers using UPI Mechanism is provided as Annexure 'A' to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019. The said list shall be updated on SEBI website.</td></tr><tr><td>SME Exchange</td><td>"SME Exchange" means a trading platform of a recognized stock exchange having nationwide trading terminals permitted by the SEBI to list the specified securities issued in accordance with Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and includes a stock exchange granted recognition for this purpose but does not include the Main Board.</td></tr><tr><td>Specified Locations</td><td>The Bidding centres where the Syndicate shall accept Bid cum Application Forms from relevant Bidders, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in), and updated from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>Specified Securities</td><td>Equity shares offered through this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor Bank</td><td>Banker to the Issue which is registered with SEBI and is eligible to act as Sponsor Bank in a public offer in terms of the applicable SEBI requirements and has been appointed by the Company in consultation with Book Running Lead Manager to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchange and the National Payments Corporation of India in order to push the UPI Mandate Requests and / or payment instructions of the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism and carry out other responsibilities, in terms of UPI Circulars issued by SEBI, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>Sub Syndicate Member</td><td>A SEBI Registered member of NSE appointed by the BRLM and/ or syndicate member to act as a Sub Syndicate Member in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate</td><td>Includes the BRLM, Syndicate Members and Sub Syndicate Members.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [•] to be entered into amongst our Company, the BRLM and the Syndicate Members, in relation to the collection of Bids in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate ASBA Bidding Locations</td><td>Bidding Centers where an ASBA Bidder can submit their Bid in terms of SEBI Circular no. CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2011 dated April 29, 2011, namely Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Members/ Members of the Syndicate</td><td>Intermediaries registered with SEBI eligible to act as a syndicate member and who is permitted to carry on the activity as an underwriter, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company</td><td>Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>SCORES</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Registration Slip/ TRS</td><td>The slip or document issued by the member of the Syndicate or SCSB (only on demand) as the case may be, to the Bidder as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. Securities Act</td><td>U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriter</td><td>The BRLM who has underwritten this Issue pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Underwriters) Regulations, 1993, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [•] to be entered into between the Company and Underwriter, on or after the Pricing Date but prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI</td><td>Unified payments interface which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by the National Payment Corporation of India.</td></tr></tbody></table>