<table><tr><td><b>Qualification:</b> Bachelor of Medicine &amp; Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS)<br/><b>Current Term:</b> Appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Company, w.e.f. September 12, 2025 and shall be liable to retire by rotation.<br/><b>Period of Directorship:</b> w.e.f. September 12, 2025<br/><b>DIN:</b> 06931419</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><b>Name:</b> Sachin Mahendra Sheth<br/><b>Designation:</b> Independent Director<br/><b>Age:</b> 47 Years<br/><b>Date of Birth:</b> July 23, 1978<br/><b>Address:</b> C-703 Rahul C.H.S. Borsapada, Near Poisar Gymkhana, Kandivali West, Mumbai- 400067, Maharashtra, India<br/><b>Experience:</b> More than 20 years<br/><b>Nationality:</b> Indian<br/><b>Occupation:</b> Service<br/><b>Qualification:</b> Chartered Accountant<br/><b>Current Term:</b> Appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Company, w.e.f. August 07, 2025 and Regularise as Independent Director of the Company for a period of 5 years, w.e.f. September 12, 2025 and shall not be liable to retire by rotation<br/><b>Period of Directorship:</b> 5 years<br/><b>DIN:</b> 11232287</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><b>Name:</b> Charmi Monil Shah<br/><b>Designation:</b> Independent Director<br/><b>Age:</b> 35 years<br/><b>Date of Birth:</b> December 08, 1989<br/><b>Address:</b> A-2002, Building No. 141, Gurukrupa Gangav, Vallabh Baug Lane Extension, Ghatkoper East, Mumbai-400075, Maharashtra, India.<br/><b>Experience:</b> More than 10 years<br/><b>Nationality:</b> Indian<br/><b>Occupation:</b> Service<br/><b>Qualification:</b> Bachelor of Commerce<br/><b>Current Term:</b> Appointed as Independent Director of the Company for a period of 5 years, w.e.f. September 12, 2025 and shall not be liable to retire by rotation<br/><b>Period of Directorship:</b> 5 years<br/><b>DIN:</b> 11237486</td><td>Nil</td></tr></table>

## Brief Profile of Directors:

1) **Tejas Lalit Mehta**, is Promoter & Chairman & Managing Director of our Company. He has been on the Board of Directors of the Company since incorporation. He has passed Higher Secondary Certificate (12th) from Mithibai College of Arts, Chauhan Institute of Science and Amrutben Jivanlal College of Commerce and Economics, University in Mumbai, Maharashtra in the year 1992. He has an overall experience of more than 24 years across multiple industries, including over 20 years in the contractual business of railway projects and related services. He is playing vital role in formulating business strategies and effective implementation of the same. He is currently involved in managing the overall business operations of the Company including business planning & development, Production & Operations, Customer Relationship Management, Accounts & Finance, Secretarial, Legal operations & Compliance of our Company.

2) **Jagruti Tejas Mehta**, is Promoter & Whole Time Director of our Company. She has been on the Board of Directors of the Company since incorporation. She has passed Bachelor of Commerce (Second Year) from College of Arts and Commerce, Kandivili (West), Bombay in 1993. She has a work experience of 24 years in the field of contractual business of railway projects. She is responsible for general business and administration functions in our Company. Her experience and exposure help the Board to take appropriate strategic decisions in the current competitive business era.