Dhara Rail Projects Limited

of Association of our Company, there are no restrictions on transfers of Equity Shares. There are no restrictions on transfer and transmission of shares/ debentures and on their consolidation/ splitting except as provided in the Articles of Association. For further details, please refer to section titled "Main Provisions of the Articles of Association" beginning on page 295 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

## Pre-Issue and Price Band Advertisement

Subject to Section 30 of the Companies Act, 2013 our Company shall, after filing the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus with the ROC publish a pre-Issue and price band advertisement, in the form prescribed by the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, in one widely circulated English language national daily newspaper; one widely circulated Hindi language national daily newspaper and one regional daily newspaper with wide circulation where the Registered Office of our Company is situated.

## Withdrawal of the Issue

Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, reserve the right not to proceed with the Issue after the Bid/ Issue Opening date but before the Allotment. In such an event, our Company would issue a public notice in the newspaper in which the pre-Issue and price band advertisements were published, within two days of the Bid/ Issue Closing date or such other time as may be prescribed by SEBI, providing reasons for not proceeding with the Issue. The Book Running Lead Manager through, the Registrar of the Issue, shall notify the SCSBs to unblock the bank accounts of the ASBA Bidders within one working day from the date of receipt of such notification. Our Company shall also inform the same to the stock exchange on which equity shares are proposed to be listed.

The above information is given for the benefit of the Applicants. The Applicants are advised to make their own enquiries about the limits applicable to them. Our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager do not accept any responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information stated hereinabove. Our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager are not liable to inform the investors of any amendments or modifications or changes in applicable laws and regulations, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Applicants are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that the number of Equity Shares applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under laws and regulations.