Dhara Rail Projects Limited

# CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF FINANCIAL PRESENTATION

## Certain Conventions

All references to “India” contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions and all references herein to the “Government”, “Indian Government”, “GoI”, “Central Government” or the “State Government” are to the Government of India, central or state, as applicable. All references to the “U.S.”, “USA” or the “United States” are to the United States of America and its territories and possessions.

Unless otherwise specified, any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is in Indian Standard Time (“IST”). Unless indicated otherwise, all references to a year in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to a calendar year.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, all references to one gender also refers to another gender and the word “Lac / Lakh” means “one hundred thousand”, the word “million (mn)” means “Ten Lac / Lakh”, the word “Crore” means “ten million” and the word “billion (bn)” means “one hundred crores”. In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between total and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding-off.

## Use of Financial Data

Unless stated otherwise, throughout this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, all figures have been expressed in Rupees and Lakh. Unless stated otherwise, the financial data in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus is derived from our restated consolidated financial information prepared for the Financial year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 in accordance with Indian GAAP, the Companies Act and SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 included under Section titled “Financial Information of the Company” beginning on page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our restated consolidated financial statements are derived from our audited financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP and the Companies Act and have been restated in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by ICAI. Our company's fiscal year commences on April 01 of each year and ends on March 31 of the following year, so all references to a particular fiscal year are to the twelve (12) months period commencing on April 01 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending on March 31 of that particular calendar year.

There are significant differences between Indian GAAP, the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Accordingly, the degree to which the Indian GAAP financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practice and Indian GAAP. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. We have not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included herein, and we urge you to consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our financial data. For further details in connection with risks involving differences between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, see “Risk Factors - Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as Ind AS, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows.” on page 50 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Any percentage amounts, as set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Our Business”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus unless otherwise indicated, have been calculated on the basis of the Company’s restated consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, Indian GAAP and restated in accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as stated in the report of our Statutory Auditor, set out in section titled “Financial Information of the Company” beginning on page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The company does not have any subsidiary as on date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

For additional definitions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, see the section “Definitions and Abbreviations” on page 1 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In the section titled “Main Provisions of the Articles of Association of our Company”, on page 295 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus defined terms have the meaning given to such terms in the Articles of Association of our Company.