Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Non- Resident or NR</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes Eligible NRIs, FPIs registered with SEBI and FVCIs registered with SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Investors/Non- Institutional Bidders</td><td>All Bidders, including FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, registered with the SEBI that are not QIBs (including Anchor Investors) or Individual Investors, who have Bid for Equity Shares for an application size of more than two lots (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion/ Non-Institutional Category</td><td>The portion of the Issue being not less than 15% of the Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/ each of which (a) One-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10,00,000/- and (b) Two-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹ 10,00,000/- subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Other Investor</td><td>Investors other than Individual Investors. These include individual applicants other than individual investors and other investors including corporate bodies or institutions irrespective of the number of specified securities applied for.</td></tr><tr><td>Overseas Corporate Body/OCB</td><td>A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to the extent of at least 60% by NRIs, including overseas trusts in which not less than 60% of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly as defined under the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Document</td><td>The Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus together with the Bid cum Application Form including the Abridged Prospectus and any Addendum or corrigendum to such offering documents;</td></tr><tr><td>Pay-in-Period</td><td>The period commencing on the Bid/ Issue Opening date and extended till the closure of the Anchor Investor Pay-in-Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Payment through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Person/ Persons</td><td>Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted and/ or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires.</td></tr><tr><td>Price Band</td><td>Price Band of a minimum price (Floor Price) of Rs. [●] and the maximum price (Cap Price) of Rs. [●] and includes revisions thereof. The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot will be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM and advertised in two national daily newspapers (one each in English and in Hindi) with wide circulation and one daily regional newspaper with wide circulation at least two working days prior to the Bid / Issue Opening Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Pricing Date</td><td>The date on which our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, will finalise the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Prospectus</td><td>The Prospectus dated [●], to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in accordance with the provisions of Section 26 & 32 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue Price that is determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of the Issue and certain other information, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account(s)</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account to be opened in accordance with Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, with the Public Issue Account Bank(s) to receive money from the Escrow Account(s) and from the ASBA Accounts on the Designated Date</td></tr><tr><td>Public Issue Account Bank(s)</td><td>The banks which are a clearing member and registered with SEBI as a banker to an Issue, and with whom the Public Issue Account for collection of Bid Amounts from Escrow Accounts and ASBA Accounts will be opened, in this case being [●]</td></tr><tr><td>Qualified Foreign Investors / QFIs</td><td>Non-resident investors other than SEBI registered FIIs or sub-accounts or SEBI registered FVCIs who meet 'know your client' requirements prescribed by SEBI</td></tr></tbody></table>

10