Dhara Rail Projects Limited

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Further, our Company shall inform about material deviations in the utilization of Issue proceeds to the stock exchange and shall also simultaneously make the material deviations / adverse comments of the audit committee public.

53. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us and any sale of Equity Shares by our significant shareholders may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us may dilute your shareholding in the Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares or that such shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future.

54. Employee misconduct or failure of our internal processes or procedures could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misconduct or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. For example, misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in costly litigation and serious reputational or financial harm. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures and internal policies, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases and we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases.

In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings, including claims for alleged negligence, in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our reputation, business prospects and future financial performance.

55. Our Promoters and the Promoter Group will jointly continue to retain majority shareholding in our Company after the issue, which will allow them to determine the outcome of the matters requiring the approval of shareholders

Our Promoters holds 95.00% of shareholding as on the date of Draft Red Herring Prospectus and [●] of shareholding Post the Issue. They will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. For further information, please refer to the chapters/section titled "Our Business", "Our Promoter & Promoter Group" and "Annexure - AB - Related Party Transactions", beginning on pages 203, 160 and 166 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

56. In addition to normal remuneration, other benefits and reimbursement of expenses to our Promoters, they are interested to the extent of their shareholding and dividend entitlement thereon in our Company.

Our Promoters- Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company or their relatives, dividend entitlement and benefits deriving from the directorship in our Company. For further information, please refer to the chapters/section titled "titled "Our Business", "Our Promoter & Promoter Group" and "Annexure - AB - Related Party Transactions", beginning on pages 116, 160 and 203 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

57. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and the Issue Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue.

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors/ assumptions and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs. Furthermore, the Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. The Issue Price will be based on numerous factors, including the factors described in "Basis for Issue Price" on page 96 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue.