This technical and sufficiency of financial resources are important considerations in awarding contracts, there can be no assurance that we would be able to meet such technical and financial qualification criteria. Further, once prospective bidders satisfy the prequalification requirements of the tender, the project is usually awarded on the basis of price competitiveness of the bid. We generally incur significant costs in the preparation and submission of bids, which are onetime non-reimbursable costs. We cannot assure you that we would be bidding for projects, where we are pre-qualified to submit a bid, or that our bids, when submitted or if already submitted, would result in projects being awarded to us. For the financial year ending March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 expenses related to Tender charges were Rs. 4.58 lakhs, Rs. 4.69 lakhs and Rs. 4.64 lakhs respectively.

For details, kindly refer section titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus

**8. As an integral aspect of our business operations, it is necessary for us to provide Security deposit and performance guarantees. Failing to secure these guarantees or the activation of such guarantees has the potential to negatively impact our cash flows and financial standing.**

In alignment with industry norms for the fulfilment of contractual obligations for our contracts, we are required to provide Security deposit and Earnest Money Deposits to Indian Railways. Further, we are also required to secure performance guarantee to be furnished upon receipt of purchase orders which is retained by our client till the Defect Liability Period of the Projects, which generally varies from 1-3 years or such extended period as defined in the specific work orders. Typically, these guarantees are issued to the pertinent authorities with whom contractual arrangements for our contracts have been established. However, a potential challenge lies in consistently securing new performance guarantees in quantities commensurate with our operational requirements. Difficulties in providing sufficient collateral in the form of fixed deposits to underpin these guarantees may impede our capacity to enter into new contracts and procure essential supplies.

Our inability to arrange such deposits and guarantees or the invocation of such guarantees may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition. If we are unable to provide required security deposits or sufficient collateral to secure the performance guarantees, our ability to procure new purchase orders could be limited and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Providing security to obtain performance guarantees also increases our working capital requirements. The invocation of such guarantees in relation to our purchase orders or forfeiture of security deposits could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation, and financial condition.

For details, kindly refer section titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**9. Contracts with our clients and purchase orders placed with our clients typically include provisions for liquidated damages and penalties which if invoked, could have an adverse effect on our business, result of operations and financial condition.**

Contacts and purchase orders entered with Indian Railways, typically include provisions for liquidated damages and imposing penalties or warranty claims in the event of inadequacy in performance of our obligations pursuant to these purchase orders. In past we have been charged with damage expenses and penalty expenses from Indian railways for inadequacy in performance of our work orders. For instance, Indian Railways has imposed penalty expenses on us amounting to Rs. 86.47 lakhs, Rs. 8.40 Lakhs and Rs. 15.19 lakhs in FY 2024-25, 2023-24 & 2022-23 respectively. For details, kindly refer section titled "Financial Information of the Company" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Accordingly, any failure at our end to deliver the services as expected by our clients could expose us to warranty claims, indemnities and cancellation of existing and future orders without liability. We cannot assure you that liquidated damages or penalties will not be imposed or performance guarantees will not be invoked in the event of inadequate performance or non-performance or delay in performance of our obligations under these contracts and purchase orders.

**10. We are subject to strict quality requirements and client inspections, and any failure to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders and could negatively impact our reputation and our business and results of operations and future prospects.**

We are engaged in the business of executing various types of contractual railway projects and related services. Given the nature of our services and the sector in which we operate, our clients have high standards for quality and delivery schedules. Adherence