Dhara Rail Projects Limited

## Migration to Main Board

As per the provisions of the Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, 2018, our Company may migrate to the main board of NSE from the SME Exchange on a later date subject to the following:

As per Regulation 280(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI ICDR (Amendment) Regulations, 2025, Where the post-issue paid up capital of the Company listed on a NSE Emerge is likely to increase beyond twenty-five crore rupees by virtue of any further issue of capital by the Company by way of rights issue, preferential issue, bonus issue, etc. the Company shall migrate its equity shares listed on NSE Emerge to the Main Board and seek listing of the equity shares proposed to be issued on the Main Board subject to the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria for listing of equity shares laid down by the Main Board:

Provided that no further issue of capital shall be made unless –

a) the shareholders have approved the migration by passing a special resolution through postal ballot wherein the votes cast by shareholders other than promoters in favour of the proposal amount to at least two times the number of votes cast by shareholders other than promoter shareholders against the proposal;

b) the Company has obtained an in-principal approval from the Main Board for listing of its entire specified securities on it.

Provided further that where the post-issue paid-up capital pursuant to further issue of capital including by way of rights issue, preferential issue, bonus issue, is likely to increase beyond ₹25 crores, the Company may undertake further issuance of capital without migration from SME exchange to the main board, subject to the undertaking to comply with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as applicable to companies listed on the main board of the stock exchange(s).”

If the Paid-up Capital of the company is more than ₹10 crores but below ₹25 crores, we may still apply for migration to the main board if the same has been approved by a special resolution through postal ballot wherein the votes cast by the shareholders other than the promoters in favour of the proposal amount to at least two times the number of votes cast by shareholders other than promoter shareholders against the proposal.

As per NSE Circular dated April 24, 2025 our Company may migrate its securities from SME Platform of NSE Limited to main board platform of the NSE Limited:

<table><thead><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Listing Criterion</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Paid up Capital & Market Capitalisation</td><td>Paid-up equity capital is not less than INR 10 crores and Average capitalisation shall not be less than INR 100 crores. For this purpose, capitalisation will be the product of the price (average of the weekly high and low of the closing prices of the related shares quoted on the stock exchange for 3 months preceding the application date) and the post issue number of equity shares</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operation & EBIDTA</td><td>The revenue from operations should be greater than INR 100 Cr in the last financial year. and Should have positive operating profit from operations for at least 2 out of 3 financial years.</td></tr><tr><td>Listing period</td><td>Should have been listed on SME platform of the Exchange for at least 3 years.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Shareholders</td><td>The total number of public shareholders should be at least 500 on the date of application.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter & Promoter Group Holding</td><td>Promoter and Promoter Group shall be holding at least 20% of the Company at the time of making application. Further, as on date of application for migration the holding of Promoter's should not be less than 50% of shares held by them on the date of listing.</td></tr><tr><td>Other Listing conditions</td><td><ul><li>No proceedings have been admitted under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code against Applicant company and promoting company.</li><li>The company has not received any winding up petition admitted by NCLT/IBC.</li><li>The net worth of the company should be at least 75 crores.</li><li>No Material regulatory action in the past 3 years like suspension of trading against the applicant Company and Promoter by any Exchange.</li><li>No debarment of Company/Promoter, subsidiary Company by SEBI.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>