1. An Arbitration Petition bearing no. 4/2023 was filed by the Union of India ("Petitioner") against Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd. ("our Company") before the District and Sessions Court, Karkardooma, ("Ld. Court") under Section 34 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 ("the Act"). An arbitral dispute bearing Tender No. 56-W/Elect. /14-15/T/03/C/Bank dated November 8, 2014, arose out of a contract for "Supply, Provision, Testing and Commissioning of Capacitor Bank for Power Factor Improvement in End-on-Generation (EOG) Air-Conditioned (AC) Coaches and upgradation of Electrical Passenger Amenities in EOG First ASC Coaches." Although the bid was submitted, Performance Bank Guarantee (PBG) deposited, and contract executed, the Petitioner terminated the contract on October 3, 2015, alleging non-performance, and further forfeited the Security Deposit (SD) and encashed the PBG. Arbitration was invoked by our Company on December 22, 2015, and an Arbitral Tribunal (A/T) was constituted on July 28, 2020. Vide an arbitral award dated October 11, 2022, the Ld. Sole Arbitrator directed the Petitioner to refund ₹ 6,09,001/- towards the PBG and Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) out of the total claim of ₹ 58,93,402/-. The Petitioner has now challenged the said award before the Court. The matter is currently pending adjudication and the next date of hearing is October 14, 2025.

d) Other pending material litigations filed by the Company

Except as mentioned below there are no outstanding litigations filed by the Company, which have been considered material by the Company in accordance with the Materiality Policy as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

1. A Commercial Arbitration Petition bearing number 35423/2022 was filed by Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd. ("our Company") against the Union of India ("Respondent") before the High court of Judicature at Bombay ("Ld. Court") under Section 34 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 ("the Act"). The dispute arose from a Letter of Acceptance (LOA) dated November 8, 2016, for conversion of BG Coaches into Camping Coaches for Track Machine staff. Out of 16 coaches, only 12 were made available, and the Petitioner completed work on all 12 coaches by March 28, 2019. Payments amounting to ₹ 1,93,84,108 were released belatedly on September 20, 2019. Aggrieved by non-payment during execution, wrongful imposition of penalties, and denial of legitimate claims, the Petitioner invoked arbitration on December 28, 2019. Vide an arbitral award dated March 26, 2022, the Ld. Arbitral Tribunal partly rejected Petitioner's claims, allegedly ignoring Respondent's breaches, allowing claims in Respondent's favor without counterclaims, and relying on material not on record. The Petitioner has therefore challenged the said Award specifically w.r.t claim no.'s 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 10 to 15 through the present Arbitration Petition. Accordingly, the disputed amount, to the extent quantifiable stands at ₹ 1,82,57,897.15/-. The matter is currently pending adjudication.

2. A Commercial Arbitration Petition bearing no. 344/2023 was filed by Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd. ("our Company") against the Union of India ("Respondent") before the High Court of Delhi ("Hon'ble Court") under Section 34 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 ("the Act"). The Petition seeks setting aside of the arbitral award dated January 30, 2023, passed by the Ld. Sole Arbitrator. Our Company is claiming total amount of ₹ 3,02,82,588.96/- through this present petition. However, the Respondent has opposed the Petition on the ground that it is barred by limitation under Section 34(3) of the Act, since the award was received on January 30, 2023, the limitation expired on May 30, 2023, while the Petition was filed only on August 31, 2023, and registered on September 1, 2023, beyond the mandatory 120-day period, with the reasons cited for condonation of delay being vague and insufficient. The matter is currently pending adjudication and the next date of hearing is November 24, 2025.

3. A writ petition bearing number 2937 of 2025 was filed by Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd. ("our Company") against Ashraf Ali, Central Railway CSMT, Mumbai & Ors. ("Respondents") before the Hon'ble High court of Judicature at Bombay ("Ld. Court") under Article 226 of the Constitution of India ("the Act"). The present petition was filed against an order dated January 13, 2025, passed by Regional Labour Commissioner (Central) under Minimum Wages Act, 1948 directing our Company to pay Rs 43,76,953/- as overtime payment to its workers. Our Company prays to the Ld. Court that a writ of certiorari be issued and the impugned order be decided on merits and till then stay should be granted against the said impugned order. The matter is currently pending adjudication and the next date of hearing is December 16, 2025.

4. Dhara Rail Projects Pvt. Ltd ("our Company") has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Union of India, North Central Railway, Jhansi ("Respondents") in relation to a contract awarded vide Letter of Acceptance dated March 27, 2023, for outsourcing of dismantling, disconnection, replacement and retro-fitment of electrical train lighting equipment at CMLR Workshop, Jhansi. The contract was terminated by the counterparty vide letter dated November 22, 2024, which our Company contends to be wrongful. Consequently, our Company has raised claims for