The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company's performance. As a result of these factors, there can be no assurance that the investors will be able to resell Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment.

**58. Certain data mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has not been independently verified.**

We have not independently verified data from industry publications contained herein and although we believe these sources to be reliable, we cannot assure that they are complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on a different basis from comparable information compiled with regard to other countries. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India and its economy are subject to the limitation that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based have not been verified by us and may be incomplete or unreliable.

**59. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all.**

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation do not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors.

**60. We may be subject to surveillance measures, such as the Additional Surveillance Measures (ASM) and the Graded Surveillance Measures (GSM) by the Stock Exchanges which may adversely affect trading price of our Equity Shares.**

SEBI and Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of these measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility.

On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Offer due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation. In the event our Equity Shares are subject to such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by any of the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in connection with trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active trading market for our Equity Shares.

**61. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from industry sources. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is complete, reliable or accurate.**