<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>SEBI SBEB Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015/ SEBI Listing Regulations/ Listing Regulations/ SEBI (LODR)</td><td>The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations or SEBI (SAST) Regulations/ SEBI Takeover Regulations/ Takeover Regulations/ Takeover Code</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Senior Management / Senior Management Personnel</td><td>Senior Management or Senior Management Personnel means the officers and personnel of the issuer as defined in Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. For details, please refer section titled "Our Management" on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Stakeholders' Relationship Committee</td><td>The Stakeholders' relationship committee of our Company constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and regulation 20 of SEBI (Listing obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations 2015 as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" beginning on page 143 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Stock Exchange</td><td>Unless the context requires otherwise, refers to, National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE").</td></tr><tr><td>Shareholders</td><td>The holders of the equity shares of our Company from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Sub- Account</td><td>Sub- accounts registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investor) Regulations, 1995, other than sub-accounts which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals.</td></tr><tr><td>Subscriber to MOA / Initial Promoters</td><td>Initial Subscribers to MOA being Tejas Lalit Mehta, Jagruti Tejas Mehta, Lalit Rashiklal Mehta and Prafulaben Mehta Lalitbhai.</td></tr><tr><td>Whole-Time Director</td><td>The Whole Time Director of our Company being Jagruti Tejas Mehta.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Issue Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this behalf.</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary to a bidder as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment/Allot/Allotted</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, means the allotment of Equity Shares, pursuant to the Fresh Issue to successful Bidders</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been allotted Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allocation/ Allocation of Equity Shares</td><td>The Allocation of Equity Shares of our Company pursuant to Fresh Issue of Equity Shares to the successful Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee (s)</td><td>A successful bidders to whom the Equity Shares are allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor(s)</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹200 lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Escrow Account /Escrow Account(s)</td><td>Account opened with Anchor Escrow Bank for the Issue and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through direct credit or NEFT or RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers during the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period.</td></tr></tbody></table>