<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>UPI Bidders</td><td>Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Investors and (ii) Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to Rs. 500,000 in the non-institutional Portion, and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. Pursuant to Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022 issued by SEBI, all individual investors applying in public offers where the application amount is up to Rs. 500,000 shall use UPI and shall provide their UPI ID in the Application Form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an Issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity)</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>Circular number CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI, as amended by its Circular number SEBI/HO/CED/DIL/CIR/2016/26 dated January 21, 2016 and Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 issued by SEBI as amended or modified by SEBI from time to time, including Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022 as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 and any other circulars issued by SEBI or any other governmental authority in relation thereto from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single window mobile payment system developed by the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI)</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID Linked Bank Account</td><td>Account of the Individual Investor, applying in the Issue using the UPI mechanism, which will be blocked upon accepting the UPI mandate to the extent of the appropriate application amount and subsequent debit of funds in the case of allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request/ Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the UPI Bidders, by way of a notification on the UPI application and by way of a SMS directing the UPI Bidders to such UPI application) to the UPI Bidders initiated by the Sponsor Bank to authorise blocking of funds equivalent to the Bid Amount in the relevant ASBA Account through the UPI, and the subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mechanism</td><td>The Bidding mechanism that is used by Individual Investors to make Bids in the Issue in accordance with the UPI Circulars to make as ABA bid in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI PIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transaction</td></tr><tr><td>Venture Capital Fund/VCF</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.</td></tr><tr><td>WACA</td><td>Weighted average cost of acquisition.</td></tr><tr><td>US Securities Act</td><td>U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter(s) or a fraudulent borrower</td><td>Means a person or an issuer who or which is categorized as a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower by any bank or financial institution as defined under the Companies Act, 2013 or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by the Reserve Bank of India.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Day</td><td>In accordance with Regulation 2(1) (mmm) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, working days means, all days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. However, in respect of-<br/>(a) announcement of Price Band; and</td></tr></tbody></table>