Dhara Rail Projects Limited

arrangements with various OEM's. Revenue through direct contracts from railways for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, accounted for 69.18%, 31.44% and 35.18% of our revenue from operations for the said period respectively and revenue from Pre-bid arrangements with various OEM's for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, accounted for 30.82%, 68.56% and 64.82% of our revenue from operations for the said period respectively. We cannot assure you that we can maintain the historical levels of business from Indian Railways or from above mentioned OEMs or that we will be able to replace these in case we lose any of them. Furthermore, major events affecting our clients, such as changes in government policies or insufficiency of government funds (in case of railways), change of management, mergers and acquisitions in other cases could impact our business.

Our reliance on Indian Railways for our business exposes us to risks, that may include, but are not limited to, reductions, delays or cancellation of orders from our clients, failure to negotiate favourable terms or the loss of these clients, all of which could affect financial position and future prospects of our Company. In addition, there are a number of factors, other than our performance, that are not predictable and could cause our business from the Indian Railways to reduce. Though we enter into definitive agreements with our clients which may range up to 3 years and may further be extended as per the requirements of the contract, the success of our business is dependent on maintaining good relationship with them. If we are not able to continue to receive orders in the manner we have in the past from the Indian Railways, it would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. In addition, during an economic downturn, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or terms and conditions in a contract that we might not deem as standard market practice or acceptable. As a result, we are subject to the risk of losing new awards to competitors thereby adversely impacting our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are supposed to deposit Earnest Money and performance guarantees to Indian Railways which are released only after the completion of assigned work order. There is no guarantee that our client will honour outstanding amounts in time and whether will be able to fulfil its obligations, due to any financial difficulties, cash flow difficulties, or a downturn in the global economy. If such events or circumstances occur our financial performance and our operating cash flows may be affected.

For details related to revenue from business operations, kindly refer section titled "*Financial Information of the Company*" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**2. Our industry is labour intensive and our business operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers.**

We are engaged in the business of executing various types of contractual railway projects and related services and manpower plays a key role for us in the delivery of essential services under various railway projects. The performance of our Company will be benefited on the continued service of these persons or replacement of equally competent persons from the domestic or global markets. We may have difficulty in redeploying and retraining our employees to keep pace with continuing changes in evolving standards and changing client requirements.

We have a team of more than 800 skilled and semi-skilled employees and our labour expenses for the financial year ending March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to Rs. 511.55 lakhs, Rs. 249.24 lakhs and Rs. 81.87 Lakhs, respectively, which accounted for 12.97%, 8.24% and 3.16% of our total expenses for said periods respectively. We incur various employee benefits expense, including salaries and bonus, contribution to provident and other funds and staff welfare expenses and for the F.Y. ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 our employee benefits expense accounted to Rs. 1107.24 Lakhs, Rs. 1092.39 Lakhs and Rs. 917.06 Lakhs, respectively, representing for 28.07%, 36.10% and 35.38%, respectively, of our total expense for the respective year. For further details, kindly refer section titled "*Financial Information of the Company*" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

There is intense competition for experienced skilled workers with technical and industry expertise in our business and if we lose the services of any of these or other key individuals and are unable to find suitable replacements in a timely manner, our ability to realize our strategic objectives could be impaired. The loss of members of our team, particularly to competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For further details for employees of our Company, kindly refer section titled "*Our Business*" beginning on Page 116 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**3. Our Company is dependent on limited number of suppliers, within limited geographical locations for procurement of certain products as tools or consumables to be supplied to our clients. Any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of such goods may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.**