<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">As at</th></tr><tr><th>31-Mar-25</th><th>31-Mar-24</th><th>31-Mar-23</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Contingent liabilities in respect of:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>TDS Defaults with respect to Delay filing fee, Short Deduction and Interest thereon</td><td>2.75</td><td>1.79</td><td>0.95</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax Outstanding Demand</td><td>1.81</td><td>0.78</td><td>0.78</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>4.56</strong></td><td><strong>2.57</strong></td><td><strong>1.72</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details of the contingent liabilities and commitments of our Company see **Annexure-AE** of "Restated Consolidated Financial Information" on page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, fully or partly, it could have an effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future.

**30. Certain of our investments may be subject to market risk and we have not made any provisions for a possible decline of the value of such investments.**

We have made certain unquoted investments amounting to Rs.25.67 lakhs as on March 31, 2025. The value of these investments depends on several factors which are beyond our control, including the prevailing Indian and international economic conditions, inflationary expectations etc. Any decline in the value of these investments could affect our financial condition and results of operations. For details, please refer to **Annexure J–Restated Statement of Non-Current Investments** under Section titled "Financial Information of the Company" on page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**31. If we are not able to successfully manage our growth effectively, our business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.**

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. As part of our growth strategy, we aim to, among other things, continue to grow our businesses as and when opportunities exist including by Continuing to strengthen our existing product and service portfolio with attractive growth and profitability prospects, to leverage the Government's policy and budget relating to our business, to strive for cost efficiency, attracting and retaining talented employees and focusing on consistently meeting quality standards.

This could place significant demands on our operational, credit, financial and other internal risk controls. In pursuing our growth strategy, we will require additional capital investments and cash outlays, which may have a material impact on our cash flows and results of operations. Our operating expenses and capital requirements may increase significantly pursuant to our expansion and diversification plans. Our ability to manage our growth effectively requires us to forecast accurately our sales, growth and to expend funds to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. An inability to implement our future business plan, manage our growth effectively or failure to secure the required funding on favourable terms or at all could have a material and adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and results of operations.

**32. One of the natures of our business model from government/tenders exposes us to liability claims and contract disputes and our indemnities may not adequately protect us. Any liability in excess of our reserves or indemnities could result in additional costs, which would reduce our profits.**

Time is the essence in our projects. We typically enter into contracts with government, which provide for liquidated damages for time overruns. In the event there are delays in our current or future orders and we are unable to receive extensions from our clients, we may be exposed to late delivery charges, liquidated damages and termination apart from entailing significant cost and time overruns. We are generally required to furnish performance guarantees to our contractors. In the event we fail to perform under the terms of a contract, such performance guarantee may be called upon by our client, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Failure to effectively cover ourselves against any of these reasons could expose us to substantial costs and potentially lead to material losses. Faults in technical specifications might also lead to order rejection or modification, which may not be foreseen. In addition, if there is a client dispute regarding our product or deliveries, it may delay or withhold payment to us.