Dhara Rail Projects Limited

by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or fall under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/ tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all.

**70. Terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence or war involving India and other countries could adversely affect the financial markets and our business.**

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may negatively affect the Indian markets on which our Equity Shares will trade and also adversely affect the worldwide financial markets. These acts may also result in a loss of business confidence, impede travel and other services and ultimately adversely affect our business. In addition, any deterioration in relations between India and Pakistan might result in investor concern about stability in the region, which could adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares.

India has also witnessed civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could have a negative impact on the value of share prices generally as well as the price of our Equity Shares. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse impact on our business and the price of our Equity Shares.

**71. If certain labour laws become applicable to us, our profitability may be adversely affected.**

India has stringent labour legislations that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. Any change or modification in the existing labour laws may affect our flexibility in formulating labour related policies.

**72. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares.**

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in affect in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or fall under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the rupees proceeds from the sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/ tax clearance certificate from the Income Tax authorities. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained.

**73. Investors may be adversely affected due to retrospective tax law changes made by the GoI affecting us.**

Certain recent changes to the Income Tax Act provide that income arising directly or indirectly through the sale of a capital asset of an offshore company, including shares, will be subject to tax in India, if such shares derive indirectly or directly their value substantially from assets located in India. The term “substantially” has not been defined under the Income Tax Act and therefore, the applicability and implications of these changes are largely unclear. Due to these recent changes, investors may be subject to Indian income taxes on the income arising directly or indirectly through the sale of the Equity Shares. In the past, there have been instances where changes in the Income Tax Act have been made retrospectively and to that extent, there cannot be an assurance that such retrospective changes will not happen again.

**74. Any downgrading of India's sovereign rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing**

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing may be available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of our Equity Shares.