Dhara Rail Projects Limited

RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

The Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India (“DPIIT”) makes policy announcements on FDI through press notes and press releases which are notified by the RBI as amendments to the FEMA. The DPIIT also issues the Consolidated Foreign Direct Investment Policy (“FDI Policy”) from time to time. The regulatory framework pertaining to foreign investment, over a period of time, thus, consists of acts, regulations, master circulars, press notes, press releases, and clarifications among other amendments.

India's current FDI Policy issued by the DPIIT with effect from October 15, 2020, consolidates and supersedes all previous press notes, press releases and clarifications on FDI issued by the DPIIT till October 15, 2020. All the press notes, press releases, clarifications on FDI issued by DPIIT till October 15, 2020 stand rescinded as on October 15, 2020. In terms of the FDI Policy, Foreign investment is permitted (except in the prohibited sectors) in Indian companies either through the automatic route or the Government route, depending upon the sector in which foreign investment is sought to be made. In terms of the FDI Policy, the work of granting government approval for foreign investment under the FDI Policy and FEMA Regulations has now been entrusted to the concerned Administrative Ministries/Departments.

In accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the FDI Policy and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020 issued on December 8, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such bank of fund in India.

Further, the existing individual and aggregate investment limits for an FPI in our Company are not exceeding 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company for each FPI and the total holdings of all FPIs in the Company shall not exceed 24% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. The RBI, in exercise of its power under the FEMA, has also notified Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 (“Rules”) and Foreign Exchange Management (Mode of Payment and Reporting of Non-Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019 to prohibit, restrict or regulate, transfer by or issue security to a person resident outside India. SEBI registered FPIs have been permitted to purchase shares of an Indian company through the Issue, subject to total FPI investment being within the individual FPI/sub account investment limit of less than 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis of the Company subject to the total holdings of all FPIs/sub accounts including any other direct and indirect foreign investments in the Company shall not exceed 24% of the paid-up equity capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis. The aggregate limit of 24% in case of FPIs may be increased up to the sectoral cap/statutory ceiling, as applicable, by the Company concerned by passing of resolution by the Board of the Company to that effect and by passing of a special resolution to that effect by its Shareholders. With effect from April 1, 2020, the aggregate limit of 24% has increased to the sectoral cap applicable to the Indian Company which in case of the Company is 100% provided that the Company complies with conditions provided under the FDI Policy. As per the Rules, the aggregate limit as provided above was permitted to be decreased by the Company to a lower threshold limit of 24% or 49% or 74% as deemed fit, with the approval of its Board of Directors through a resolution and also of its shareholders by means of a special resolution, before March 31, 2020. The Company has passed no such Board Resolution and hence, has not revised its sectoral caps. Further, eligible NRIs and OCIs investing on repatriation basis are subject to individual investment limit of 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis subject to the aggregate paid-value of the shares purchased by all NRIs and OCIs put together on repatriation basis not exceeding 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis of the Company. The aggregate limit of 10% in case of NRIs and OCIs together may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the shareholders of the Company. The Company has not passed such resolutions as yet.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a Non-resident does not require prior approval of RBI, subject to fulfillment of certain conditions as specified by DPIIT / RBI, from time to time. Such conditions include (i) the activities of the investee company are under the automatic route under the FDI Policy and transfer does not attract the provisions of the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (ii) the non-resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the FDI Policy; and (iii) the pricing is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the SEBI/RBI. Investors are