Dhara Rail Projects Limited

**AB - Related Party Transactions**" under Section titled "*Financial Information of the Company*" of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company has entered such transactions due to easy proximity and quick execution on arms-length price in compliance with provisions of Companies Act 2013 and other applicable laws. Although all related-party transactions that we may enter into in the future are subject to approval by Board or shareholders, as required under the Companies Act, we cannot assure you that such future transactions or any other future transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions are not entered into with related parties.

Furthermore, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects.

**14. Inventories and trade receivables form a major part of our current assets. Failure to manage our inventory and trade receivables could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flow and liquidity.**

Our Company's business is working capital intensive and hence, inventories and trade receivables form a major part of our current assets. The results of operations of our business are dependent on our ability to effectively manage our inventory (purchases of stock in trade) and trade receivables. To effectively manage our inventory, we must be able to accurately estimate client's demand / potential orders and supply requirements and purchase new inventory accordingly. However, if we misjudge expected demand / potential orders, it could cause either a shortage of products or an accumulation of excess inventory. During FY 2024-25, 2023-24 and 2022-23, our inventories were Rs. 212.52 Lakhs, Rs. 912.46 lakhs and Rs. 104.22 lakhs, respectively.

Further, a significant portion of our Company's working capital is tied up in trade receivables due to the nature of the billing cycle. Delays in recoveries and / or write offs could lead to a liquidity crunch, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations. During FY 2024-25, 2023-24 and 2022-23 our trade receivables were Rs. 2098.07 Lakhs, Rs. 587.39 lakhs and Rs. 474.73 lakhs, respectively. In the past, we have incurred bad debts and there is no assurance that similar losses will not occur in the future. A liquidity crunch may also result in increased working capital borrowings and, consequently, higher finance cost which will adversely impact our profitability.

For details related to inventory and trade receivables, kindly refer section titled "*Financial Information of the Company*" beginning on Page 166 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**15. Registration of the trademarks which we are using for our business is under process and is yet to be received. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property or knowhow from third party infringement which could harm our brand and services.**

We have not registered the trademark DRPL which we are using for our business. Even though, we have filed the application for registration of trademark vide application no 7249757 dated September 23, 2025 before the Registrar of Trademarks, we do not have any control over the registration of the trademark and same may also be opposed by third parties that claim to have prior or superior rights. Such actions are not within our control and can severely impact business and may result in requirement to undertake rebranding exercises, all of which result in additional costs for us and could also impact our reputation. We routinely monitor third party trademarks, including domain names, by keeping a check on the use of our trademarks. However, it is possible that we are not aware of misuse of our trademarks and this could potentially cause loss of our reputation, which could impact our business and may even affect our goodwill. The use of a deceptively similar or identical third-party mark may result in a loss/injury to us. Such an action may also become a lengthy and costly exercise for us and may not always be in our favour.

Additionally, there is the risk of inadvertently infringing on the IP rights of other companies, which could result in costly lawsuits and financial penalties. These legal challenges not only threaten our financial stability but could also damage our reputation and disrupt business operations. For further details on above and other trademarks, please refer to chapter titled "*Our Business*" beginning on page 116 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**16. We have experienced negative operating cash flows in the past. Any operating losses or negative cash flows in the future**