Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, PAT Margin, and others, have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. These Non-GAAP measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by the accounting standards and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

## Use of Industry & Market Data

Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data and forecast used throughout the Draft Red Herring Prospectus was obtained from internal Company reports, data, websites, Industry publications report as well as Government Publications. Industry publication data and website data generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy and completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured.

Although, we believe industry and market data used in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus is reliable, it has not been independently verified by us or the BRLM or any of their affiliates or advisors. Similarly, internal Company reports and data, while believed by us to be reliable, have not been verified by any independent source. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources.

In accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 the section titled "Basis for Issue Price" on page 96 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information relating to our peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources, and neither we, nor the BRLM, have independently verified such information.

## Currency of Financial Presentation

All references to "Rupees" or "INR" or "Rs." or "₹" are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India. Except where specified, including in the section titled "Industry Overview" throughout the Draft Red Herring Prospectus all figures have been expressed in Lakhs.

Any percentage amounts, as set forth in "Risk Factors", "Our Business", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" on page 32, 116 and 215 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, have been calculated based on our restated consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP.

The Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains conversion of certain US Dollar and other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the requirements of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that those US Dollar or other currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate.