<table><tr><td>5.</td><td>Tejas Lalit Mehta HUF</td><td>111</td><td>0.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Vikas Lalit Mehta</td><td>111</td><td>0.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Priya Vikas Mehta</td><td>111</td><td>0.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Dhaierya Vikas Mehta</td><td>111</td><td>0.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Frreya Vikas Mehta</td><td>111</td><td>0.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Sub Total (B)</td><td>5,55,555</td><td>5.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Grand Total (A+B)</td><td>1,11,00,000</td><td>100.00</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr></table>

10. Except as disclosed below, none of our Promoters, Promoters Group, Directors and their relatives have purchased or sold the equity share of our company during the past six months immediately preceding the date of filing Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

<table><thead><tr><td>Date of Transfer</td><td>Name of Shareholders</td><td>No. of Equity Share (face value of ₹10/- each)</td><td>% of Pre Issue Capital</td><td>Purchase/ Sale of Equity Share</td><td>Category of Allottees (Promoters/ Promoter Group/ Director)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>June 24, 2025</td><td>Tejas Lalit Mehta</td><td>(4)</td><td>(0.00)</td><td>Transfer of shares by way of Gift</td><td>Promoter & Director</td></tr><tr><td>June 24, 2025</td><td>Tejas Lalit Mehta HUF</td><td>1</td><td>0.00</td><td>Acquisition of shares by way of Gift</td><td>Promoter Group</td></tr><tr><td>June 24, 2025</td><td>Vikas Lalit Mehta</td><td>1</td><td>0.00</td><td>Acquisition of shares by way of Gift</td><td>Promoter Group</td></tr><tr><td>June 24, 2025</td><td>Dhaierya Vikas Mehta</td><td>1</td><td>0.00</td><td>Acquisition of shares by way of Gift</td><td>Promoter Group</td></tr><tr><td>June 24, 2025</td><td>Frreya Vikas Mehta</td><td>1</td><td>0.00</td><td>Acquisition of shares by way of Gift</td><td>Promoter Group</td></tr></tbody></table>

11. There have been no financing arrangements whereby our promoters, members of our Promoter Group, our directors and their relatives have financed the purchase by any other person of the Equity Shares of our Company, other than in the normal course of business of the financing entity, during a period of six months immediately preceding the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus

12. **Details of Minimum Promoter' Contribution locked-in for three years:**

Pursuant to Regulation 236 and 238 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, an aggregate of 20.00% of the post issue paid up capital held by our Promoters shall be considered as Promoter's Contribution ("Promoters Contribution") and shall be locked-in for a period of three years from the date of allotment of Equity Shares issued pursuant to this Issue. The Lock In of Promoter's Contribution would be created as per applicable law and procedure and details of the same shall also be provided to the Stock Exchange before listing of the Equity Shares.

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters collectively hold 1,05,44,445 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each constituting [●] % of the Post - Issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share Capital of our Company.

Our Promoter, Tejas Lalit Mehta has given written consent to include 31,10,000 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each held by them and subscribed and held by them as part of Minimum Promoter's Contribution constituting [●] % of the post Issue Equity Shares of our Company. The price per share for determining securities ineligible for minimum promoters' contribution, shall be determined after adjusting the same for corporate actions such as share split, bonus issue, etc. undertaken by the issuer. Further, they have agreed not to sell or transfer or pledge or otherwise dispose of in any manner, the Minimum Promoter's contribution, for a period of three years from the date of allotment in the Issue.

The details of Equity Shares which are locked-in for three years from the date of allotment are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Date of Allotment/ Transfer and made fully Paid Up</td><td>No. of Equity Shares locked-in*</td><td>Face Value Per Share (₹)</td><td>Issue/ Acquisition/ Transfer Price (₹)</td><td>Nature of transaction</td><td>Post-Issue Shareholding %</td><td>Lock in Period</td></tr></thead></table>