<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Bid/ Issue Period by an Anchor Investor, pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form. The term "Bidding" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidder/ Applicant</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a bid pursuant to the terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid-Cum-Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied, which includes an ASBA Bidder and an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Amount</td><td>The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and payable by the Individual Investor or blocked in the ASBA Account upon submission of the Bid in the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid cum Application Form</td><td>The form in terms of which the Bidder has made a Bid, including ASBA Form, and which has been considered as the application for the Allotment pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and this Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Lot</td><td>[●] equity shares of face value of ₹10/ each and in multiples of [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10/ each thereafter.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Closing Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Syndicate, the Designated Branches and the Registered Brokers shall not accept the Bids, which shall be notified in all editions of the English national newspaper [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●] and Marathi Edition of Regional newspaper [●] where the registered office of the company is situated, each with wide circulation, and in case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue closing Date also to be notified on the website and terminals of the Syndicate, SCSB's and Sponsor Bank, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Issue Opening Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Syndicate, the Designated Branches and the Registered Brokers shall start accepting Bids, which shall be notified in all editions of the English national newspaper [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●] and Marathi Edition of Regional newspaper [●] where the registered office of the company is situated, each with wide circulation, and in case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue Opening Date also to be notified on the website and terminals of the Syndicate and SCSBs, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid / Issue Period</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid / Issue Opening Date and the Bid / Issue Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof. Provided however that the Bid/ Issue Period shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding</td><td>The process of making a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding Centres</td><td>Centres at which the designated intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms, i.e. Designated SCSB Branches for SCSBs, specified locations for syndicates, broker centres for registered brokers, designated RTA Locations for RTAs and designated CDP locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Building Process / Book Building Method</td><td>The book building route as provided under Schedule XIII of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 in terms of which this Issue is being made.</td></tr><tr><td>BRLM / Book Running Lead Manager</td><td>Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue in this case being Hem Securities Limited, SEBI Registered Category-I Merchant Banker.</td></tr><tr><td>Broker Centres</td><td>Broker Centres notified by the Stock Exchanges, where the bidders can submit the ASBA Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such Broker Centres, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at https://www.nseindia.com/</td></tr><tr><td>Business Day</td><td>Monday to Friday (except public holidays).</td></tr><tr><td>CAN/Confirmation of Allocation Note</td><td>Notice or intimation of allocation of the Equity Shares to be sent to Successful Anchor Investors, who have been allocated the Equity Shares, on/after the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period.</td></tr></tbody></table>