Dhara Rail Projects Limited

<table><tr><td>M/s H B Purohit And Co.<br/>Chartered Accountants,<br/>Address: A-324, Siddhi Vinayak Tower, Off S G Highway, Makarba, Ahmedabad- 380051, Gujarat, India.<br/>Tel: +91-79-48006401/9824010289<br/>Email Id: hbpurohit.ahmedabad@gmail.com<br/>Firm Registration No.: 108240W<br/>Contact Person: Harish Purohit<br/>Designation: Partner<br/>Membership No: 036004</td><td>June 30,<br/>2024</td><td>Resignation due to our pre-occupation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">M/s A. D. Parikh & Associates<br/>Chartered Accountants,<br/>Address: A-705, Shilp Aaron, Opp. Armieda Complex, Sindhu Bhavan Road, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad- 380059, Gujarat, India.<br/>Tel: +91-79-29705970/7970/9978605970<br/>Email Id: adparikh.associates@gmail.com<br/>Firm Registration No.: 127669W<br/>Contact Person: CA Ankit Parikh<br/>Designation: Proprietor<br/>Membership No: 122482</td><td>July 29,<br/>2024</td><td>Statutory Auditor appointed to fill the casual vacancy caused on account of resignation of the erstwhile auditor.</td></tr><tr><td>September 10,<br/>2024</td><td>Re-appointment of statutory auditor of our Company for a period of five years.</td></tr><tr><td>July 03,<br/>2025</td><td>Resignation due to disagreement on professional fees</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">M/s Mundra & Co.<br/>Chartered Accountants,<br/>Address: 513, Apex Mall, 4th Floor, Lal Kothi, Tonk Road, Jaipur-302018, Rajasthan, India.<br/>Tel. No.: +91-8239487569<br/>Email: canitinjpr@gmail.com<br/>Firm Registration No.: 013023C<br/>Peer Review Certificate Number: 020688<br/>Membership No: 414387<br/>Contact Person: CA Nitin Khandelwal<br/>Designation: Partner</td><td>July 28,<br/>2025</td><td>Statutory Auditor appointed to fill the casual vacancy caused on account of resignation of the erstwhile auditor.</td></tr><tr><td>September 18,<br/>2025</td><td>Re-appointment of statutory auditor of our Company for a period of five years.</td></tr></table>

### Details of the Market Making arrangement for this Issue:

Our company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, shall allot at least 5.00% of the Issue to the Market Maker under the Market Maker Reservation Portion as per the Regulation 261(4) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Our Company has entered into a Market Making Agreement dated [●] with the following Market Maker for fulfilling the Market Making obligations under this Issue:

<table><tr><td>Name</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Correspondence Address</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Tel</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>E-Mail</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Website</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Registration No.</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker Registration No.</td><td>[●]</td></tr></table>

In accordance with Regulation 261 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and amendments thereto, we shall enter into an agreement with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Market Maker (duly registered with NSE to fulfil the obligations of Market Making) dated [●], 2025 to ensure compulsory Market Making for a minimum period of three years from the date of listing of equity shares Issued in this Issue.