OFFER PROCEDURE

Please note that the information stated/covered in this section may not complete and/or accurate and as such would be
subject to modification/change. Our Company and the BRLMS would not be liable for any amendment, modification or
change in applicable law, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Applicants are advised
to make their independent investigations and ensure that their applications are submitted in accordance with applicable
laws and do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of Equity Shares that can be held by them under
applicable law or as specified in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

All Applicants should review the General Information Document for Investing in Public Offer, prepared and issued in accordance with the circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 notified by SEBI (the “General Information Document”) which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, the SCRR and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The General Information Document is available on the websites of Stock Exchange, the Company and the Book Running Lead Managers. Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document which are applicable to the Offer. The investors should note that the details and process provided in the General Information Document should be read along with this section

Additionally, all Applicants may refer to the General Information Document for information in relation to (i) Category of investor eligible to participate in the Offer; (ii) maximum and minimum Offer size; (iii) price discovery and allocation; (iv) Payment Instructions for ASBA Applicants; (v) Issuance of CAN and Allotment in the Offer; (vi) General instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Application Form); (vii) designated date; (viii) disposal of applications; (ix) submission of Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint applications in cases of individual, multiple applications and instances when an application would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious applications; (xii) mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI through its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIBs applying through Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. (“UPI Phase I”). The UPI Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019.

Subsequently, for applications by Individual Investors through Designated Intermediaries, the process of physical movement of forms from Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism with existing timeline of T+6 days is applicable for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later (“UPI Phase II”), with effect from July 1, 2019, by SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76) dated June 28, 2019, read with circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85) dated July 26, 2019. Further, as per the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133) dated November 8, 2019, the UPI Phase II had been extended until March 31, 2020. However, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, UPI Phase II has been further extended by SEBI until further notice, by its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020. Thereafter final reduced timeline of T+3 days for the UPI Mechanism for applications by Individual Investors (“UPI Phase III”), as may be prescribed by SEBI. Further, SEBI, vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, has introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances. This circular is effective for initial public offers opening on / or after May 1, 2021, except as amended pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022, and the provisions of this circular are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual Investors in initial public offerings (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹500,000 shall use the UPI Mechanism.

Furthermore, SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 has approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares in public Offer from existing 6 working days to 3 working days from the date of the closure of the Offer. The revised timeline of T+3 days shall be made applicable in two phases i.e. voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Further, SEBI has vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 reduced the time taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of a public Offer to three Working Days. Accordingly, the Offer will be made under UPI Phase III on a mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.
ASBA Applicants are required to submit ASBA Applications to the selected branches / offices of the RTAs, DPs, Designated Bank Branches of SCSBs. The lists of banks that have been notified by SEBI to act as SCSB (Self Certified Syndicate Banks) for the ASBA Process are provided on http://www.sebi.gov.in. For details on designated branches of