<table><tr><td>SEBI (ICDR) Regulations/ ICDR Regulation/ Regulation</td><td>The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI (LODR) Regulations/LODR Regulation</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Act/ SEBI</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Insider Trading Regulations</td><td>The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations or SEBI (SAST) Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Securities laws</td><td>Means the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules and regulations made thereunder, and the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the Board thereunder and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any previous company law and any subordinate legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.</td></tr><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s) / SCSB(s)</td><td>The banks registered with the SEBI which offer the facility of ASBA.</td></tr><tr><td>Share Escrow Agent</td><td>Share Escrow Agent appointed pursuant to the Share Escrow Agreement, in this case being, [•]</td></tr><tr><td>SME Exchange</td><td>Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE or NSE Emerge").</td></tr><tr><td>Specified Locations</td><td>Collection centers where the SCSBs shall accept application form, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI (https://www.sebi.gov.in/) and updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Specified Securities</td><td>Equity shares are offered through this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor Bank</td><td>The Banker to the Offer registered with SEBI which is appointed by the issuer to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the National Payments Corporation of India in order to push the mandate collect requests and / or payment instructions of the RIIs into the UPI, the Sponsor Bank in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>Sub-Account</td><td>Sub-accounts registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investor) Regulations, 1995.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate</td><td>Includes the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Members and Sub Syndicate Members</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [•] entered amongst our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager and the Syndicate Members, in relation to the collection of Bids in this Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate ASBA Bidding Locations</td><td>Bidding Centers where an ASBA Bidder can submit their Bid in terms of SEBI Circular no. CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2011 dated April 29, 2011, namely Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi</td></tr><tr><td>Syndicate Members/ Members of the Syndicate</td><td>Intermediaries registered with SEBI eligible to act as a syndicate member and who is permitted to carry on the activity as an underwriter, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>Systemically Important Nonbanking Financial Company</td><td>Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Registration Slip/ TRS</td><td>The slip or document issued by the member of the Syndicate or SCSB (only on demand) as the case may be, to the Applicant as proof of registration of the Application.</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. Securities Act</td><td>U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriter</td><td>Gretex Corporate Services Limited and Gretex Share Broking Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [•] entered between the Underwriters, our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager.</td></tr><tr><td>UP ID</td><td>ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single-window mobile payment system developed by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI)</td></tr><tr><td>UPI</td><td>Unified Payments Interface (UPI) is an instant payment system developed by the NPCI. It enables merging several banking features, seamless fund routing & merchant payments into one hood. UPI allows instant transfer of money between any two persons bank accounts using a payment address which uniquely identifies a person's bank A/c.</td></tr></table>