<table><tr><td></td><td>(b) A member is not prohibited from exercising his voting rights on the ground that he has not held his shares or interest in the Company for any specified period preceding the date on which the vote was taken.</td><td>Members not prohibited if share not held for any specified period.</td></tr><tr><td>118.</td><td>Any person entitled under Article 73 (transmission clause) to transfer any share may vote at any General Meeting in respect thereof in the same manner as if he were the registered holder of such shares, provided that at least forty-eight hours before the time of holding the meeting or adjourned meeting, as the case may be at which he proposes to vote he shall satisfy the Directors of his right to transfer such shares and give such indemnify (if any) as the Directors may require or the directors shall have previously admitted his right to vote at such meeting in respect thereof.</td><td>Votes in respect of shares of deceased or insolvent members.</td></tr><tr><td>119.</td><td>No Member shall be entitled to vote on a show of hands unless such member is present personally or by attorney or is a body Corporate present by a representative duly Authorised under the provisions of the Act in which case such members, attorney or representative may vote on a show of hands as if he were a Member of the Company. In the case of a Body Corporate the production at the meeting of a copy of such resolution duly signed by a Director or Secretary of such Body Corporate and certified by him as being a true copy of the resolution shall be accepted by the Company as sufficient evidence of the authority of the appointment.</td><td>No votes by proxy on show of hands.</td></tr><tr><td>120.</td><td>The instrument appointing a proxy and the power-of-attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarised copy of that power or authority, shall be deposited at the registered office of the company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote, or, in the case of a poll, not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.</td><td>Appointment of a Proxy.</td></tr><tr><td>121.</td><td>An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the form as prescribed in the rules made under section 105.</td><td>Form of proxy.</td></tr><tr><td>122.</td><td>A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the Member, or revocation of the proxy or of any power of attorney which such proxy signed, or the transfer of the share in respect of which the vote is given, provided that no intimation in writing of the death or insanity, revocation or transfer shall have been received at the office before the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.</td><td>Validity of votes given by proxy notwithstanding death of a member.</td></tr><tr><td>123.</td><td>No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such meeting shall be valid for all purposes.</td><td>Time for objections to votes.</td></tr><tr><td>124.</td><td>Any such objection raised to the qualification of any voter in due time shall be referred to the Chairperson of the meeting, whose decision shall be final and conclusive.</td><td>Chairperson of the Meeting to be the judge of validity of any vote.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">DIRECTORS</td></tr><tr><td>125.</td><td>(a) (a) Until otherwise determined by a General Meeting of the Company and subject to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the number of Directors (including Debenture and Alternate Directors) shall not be less than three and not more than fifteen. Provided that a company may appoint more than fifteen directors after passing a special resolution<br/>(b) (b) Followings are the first directors of the company:<br/>1. Mr. Shreyas Kantilal Patel<br/>2. Mrs. Ushma Shreyas Patel<br/>3. Mr. Arjav Shreyas Patel<br/>4. Mr. Rakesh Vithalrao Deore<br/>5. Mrs. Kshama Anil Bhatnagar</td><td>Number of Directors</td></tr><tr><td>126.</td><td>A Director of the Company shall not be bound to hold any Qualification Shares in the Company.</td><td>Qualification Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>127.</td><td>(a) Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Articles, the Board may appoint any person as a director nominated by any institution in pursuance of the provisions of any law for the time being in force or of any agreement<br/>(b) The Nominee Director/s so appointed shall not be required to hold any qualification shares in the Company nor shall be liable to retire by rotation. The Board of Directors</td><td>Nominee Directors.</td></tr></table>