<table><tr><td>64.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 58 of the Act and Section 22A of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Directors may, decline to register—<br/>(a) any transfer of shares on which the company has a lien.<br/>That registration of transfer shall not be refused on the ground of the transferor being either alone or jointly with any other person or persons indebted to the Company on any account whatsoever;</td><td>Directors may<br/>refuse to register<br/>transfer.</td></tr><tr><td>65.</td><td>If the Company refuses to register the transfer of any share or transmission of any right therein, the Company shall within one month from the date on which the instrument of transfer or intimation of transmission was lodged with the Company, send notice of refusal to the transferee and transferor or to the person giving intimation of the transmission, as the case may be, and there upon the provisions of Section 56 of the Act or any statutory modification thereof for the time being in force shall apply.</td><td>Notice of refusal to<br/>be given to<br/>transferor and<br/>transferee.</td></tr><tr><td>66.</td><td>No fee shall be charged for registration of transfer, transmission, Probate, Succession Certificate and letter of administration, Certificate of Death or Marriage, Power of Attorney or similar other document with the Company.</td><td>No fee on transfer.</td></tr><tr><td>67.</td><td>The Board of Directors shall have power on giving not less than seven days pervious notice in accordance with section 91 and rules made thereunder close the Register of Members and/or the Register of debentures holders and/or other security holders at such time or times and for such period or periods, not exceeding thirty days at a time, and not exceeding in the aggregate forty five days at a time, and not exceeding in the aggregate forty five days in each year as it may seem expedient to the Board.</td><td>Closure of Register<br/>of Members or<br/>debentureholder<br/>or other security<br/>holders..</td></tr><tr><td>68.</td><td>The instrument of transfer shall after registration be retained by the Company and shall remain in its custody. All instruments of transfer which the Directors may decline to register shall on demand be returned to the persons depositing the same. The Directors may cause to be destroyed all the transfer deeds with the Company after such period as they may determine.</td><td>Custody of transfer<br/>Deeds.</td></tr><tr><td>69.</td><td>Where an application of transfer relates to partly paid shares, the transfer shall not be registered unless the Company gives notice of the application to the transferee and the transferee makes no objection to the transfer within two weeks from the receipt of the notice.</td><td>Application for<br/>transfer of partly-<br/>paid shares.</td></tr><tr><td>70.</td><td>For this purpose the notice to the transferee shall be deemed to have been duly given if it is dispatched by prepaid registered post/speed post/ courier to the transferee at the address given in the instrument of transfer and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered at the time at which it would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post.</td><td>Notice to<br/>transferee.</td></tr><tr><td>71.</td><td>(a) On the death of a Member, the survivor or survivors, where the Member was a joint holder, and his nominee or nominees or legal representatives where he was a sole holder, shall be the only person recognized by the Company as having any title to his interest in the shares.<br/>(b) Before recognising any executor or administrator or legal representative, the Board may require him to obtain a Grant of Probate or Letters Administration or other legal representation as the case may be, from some competent court in India.<br/>Provided nevertheless that in any case where the Board in its absolute discretion thinks fit, it shall be lawful for the Board to dispense with the production of Probate or letter of Administration or such other legal representation upon such terms as to indemnity or otherwise, as the Board in its absolute discretion, may consider adequate<br/>(c) Nothing in clause (a) above shall release the estate of the deceased joint holder from any liability in respect of any share which had been jointly held by him with other persons.</td><td>Recognition of<br/>legal<br/>representative.</td></tr><tr><td>72.</td><td>The Executors or Administrators of a deceased Member or holders of a Succession Certificate or the Legal Representatives in respect of the Shares of a deceased Member (not being one of two or more joint holders) shall be the only persons recognized by the Company as having any title to the Shares registered in the name of such Members, and the Company shall not be bound to recognize such Executors or Administrators or holders of Succession Certificate or the Legal Representative unless such Executors or Administrators or Legal Representative shall have first obtained Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate as the case may be from a duly constituted Court in the Union of India provided that in any case where the Board of Directors in its absolute discretion thinks fit, the Board upon such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as the Directors may deem proper dispense with production of Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate and register Shares standing in the name of a deceased Member, as a Member. However, provisions of this Article are subject to</td><td>Titles of Shares of<br/>deceased Member</td></tr></table>

323