<table><tr><td>25.</td><td>Every Member, or his heirs, executors, administrators, or legal representatives, shall pay to the Company the portion of the Capital represented by his share or shares which may, for the time being, remain unpaid thereon, in such amounts at such time or times, and in such manner as the Board shall, from time to time in accordance with the Company's regulations, require on date fixed for the payment thereof.</td><td>Liability of Members.</td></tr><tr><td>26.</td><td>Shares may be registered in the name of any limited company or other corporate body but not in the name of a firm, an insolvent person or a person of unsound mind.</td><td>Registration of Shares.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">RETURN ON ALLOTMENTS TO BE MADE OR RESTRICTIONS ON ALLOTMENT</td></tr><tr><td>27.</td><td>The Board shall observe the restrictions as regards allotment of shares to the public, and as regards return on allotments contained in Sections 39 of the Act</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">CERTIFICATES</td></tr><tr><td>28.</td><td>(a) Every member shall be entitled, without payment, to one or more certificates in marketable lots, for all the shares of each class or denomination registered in his name, or if the Directors so approve (upon paying such fee as provided in the relevant laws) to several certificates, each for one or more of such shares and the company shall complete and have ready for delivery such certificates within two months from the date of allotment, unless the conditions of issue thereof otherwise provide, or within one month of the receipt of application for registration of transfer, transmission, sub-division, consolidation or renewal of any of its shares as the case may be. Every certificate of shares shall be under the seal of the company and shall specify the number and distinctive numbers of shares in respect of which it is issued and amount paid-up thereon and shall be in such form as the directors may prescribe or approve, provided that in respect of a share or shares held jointly by several persons, the company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate and delivery of a certificate of shares to one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all such holder. Such certificate shall be issued only in pursuance of a resolution passed by the Board and on surrender to the Company of its letter of allotment or its fractional coupons of requisite value, save in cases of issues against letter of acceptance or of renunciation or in cases of issue of bonus shares. Every such certificate shall be issued under the seal of the Company, which shall be affixed in the presence of two Directors or persons acting on behalf of the Directors under a duly registered power of attorney and the Secretary or some other person appointed by the Board for the purpose and two Directors or their attorneys and the Secretary or other person shall sign the share certificate, provided that if the composition of the Board permits of it, at least one of the aforesaid two Directors shall be a person other than a Managing or whole-time Director. Particulars of every share certificate issued shall be entered in the Register of Members against the name of the person, to whom it has been issued, indicating the date of issue.<br/>(b) Any two or more joint allottees of shares shall, for the purpose of this Article, be treated as a single member, and the certificate of any shares which may be the subject of joint ownership, may be delivered to anyone of such joint owners on behalf of all of them. For any further certificate the Board shall be entitled, but shall not be bound, to prescribe a charge not exceeding Rupees Fifty. The Company shall comply with the provisions of Section 39 of the Act.<br/>(c) A Director may sign a share certificate by affixing his signature thereon by means of any machine, equipment or other mechanical means, such as engraving in metal or lithography, but not by means of a rubber stamp provided that the Director shall be responsible for the safe custody of such machine, equipment or other material used for the purpose.<br/>(d) When a new Share certificate has been issued in pursuance of the preceding clause of this Article, it shall state on the face of it and against the stub or counterfoil to the effect that it is —"Issued in lieu of Share Certificate No......... sub-divided/replaced/on consolidation of Shares".</td><td>Share Certificates.</td></tr><tr><td>29.</td><td>If any certificate be worn out, defaced, mutilated or torn or if there be no further space on the back thereof for endorsement of transfer, then upon production and surrender thereof to the Company, a new Certificate may be issued in lieu thereof, and if any certificate lost or destroyed then upon proof thereof to the satisfaction of the company and on execution of such indemnity as the company deem adequate, being given, a new Certificate in lieu thereof shall be given to the party entitled to such lost or destroyed Certificate. Every Certificate under the Article shall be issued without payment of fees if the Directors so decide, or on payment of such fees (not exceeding Rs.50/- for each certificate) as the Directors shall prescribe. Provided that no fee shall be charged for issue of new certificates in replacement of those which are old, defaced or worn out or</td><td>Issue of new certificates in place of those defaced, lost or destroyed.</td></tr></table>