<table><tr><td></td><td>for applicants with application size of more than two lakh rupees and up to ten lakh rupees;<br/>b) two third of the portion available to non-institutional investors shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ten lakh rupees: Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (a) or (b), may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of non-institutional investors.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Resident</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Resident Indian / NRI</td><td>A person resident outside India, who is a citizen of India, or a Person of Indian Origin as defined under FEMA Regulations, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>NSE SME / SME Platform of NSE</td><td>Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE or NSE Emerge") as per the Rules and Regulations laid down by SEBI for listing of equity shares.</td></tr><tr><td>OCB / Overseas Corporate Body</td><td>Overseas Corporate Body means and includes an entity defined in clause (xi) of Regulation 2 of the Foreign Exchange Management (Withdrawal of General Permission to Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCB's) Regulations 2003 and which was in existence on the date of the commencement of these Regulations and immediately prior to such commencement was eligible to undertake transactions pursuant to the general permission granted under the Regulations. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Offer</td></tr><tr><td>Offer / Public Offer / Offer size / Initial Public Offer / Initial Public Offering / IPO / Present Offer</td><td>The Initial Public Offer of upto 52,83,600 * Equity Shares of face value ₹10.00 each of Shreyas Fabtech Limited for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Shares (including premium of per ₹ [●] Equity Shares) aggregating ₹ [●] Lakh by our Company.<br/>* Subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment<br/>*Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹ 800 Lakhs prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended ("SCRR"). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Issue. Prior to the completion of the Issue, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>Offer closing Date</td><td>The date on which the Offer closes is for subscription.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer opening Date</td><td>The date on which the Offer opens for subscription.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer period</td><td>The period between the Offer Opening Date and the Offer Closing Date, inclusive of both days during which prospective bidders can submit their applications, including any revisions thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Price</td><td>The Final Price at which Equity Shares will be allotted to ASBA Bidders in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Equity Shares will be allotted to Anchor Investors at Anchor Investor Offer Price in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Offer Price will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager on the pricing date in accordance with the Book Building Process and the Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Proceeds</td><td>The proceeds of the Offer as stipulated by the Company. For further information about use of the Offer Proceeds please see the chapter titled "Objects of the Offer" beginning on page 82 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Pay-in-Period</td><td>The period commencing on the Bid/Offer opening date and extended till the closure of the Anchor Investor Pay-in-Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Payment through electronic transfer of funds</td><td>Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.</td></tr></table>