4. Integration of Environmental Concerns in Economic and Social Development
5. Efficiency in Environmental Resource Use
6. Environmental Governance
7. Enhancement of resources for Environmental Conservation.

**The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (the "Water Act")**

The Water Act aims to prevent and control water pollution as well as restore water quality by establishing and empowering the Central Pollution Control Board and the State Pollution Control Boards. Under the Water Act, any person establishing any industry, operation or process, any treatment or disposal system, use of any new or altered outlet for the discharge of sewage or new discharge of sewage, must obtain the consent of the relevant State Pollution Control Board, who is empowered to establish standards and conditions that are required to be complied with.

**The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (the "Air Act")**

The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 has been enacted to provide for the prevention, control and abatement of air pollution. Pursuant to the provisions of the Air Act, any person, establishing or operating any industrial plant within an air pollution control area, must obtain the consent of the relevant State Pollution Control Board prior to establishing or operating such industrial plant. No person operating any industrial plant in any air pollution control area is permitted to discharge the emission of any air pollutant in excess of the standards laid down by the State Pollution Control Board.

**The Noise Pollution (Regulation & Control) Rules 2000 ("Noise Regulation Rules")**

The Noise Regulation Rules regulate noise levels in industrial, commercial and residential zones. The Noise Regulation Rules also establish zones of silence of not less than 100 meters near schools, courts, hospitals, etc. The rules also assign regulatory authority for these standards to the local district courts. Penalty for non-compliance with the Noise Regulation Rules shall be under the provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986.

**The Municipal Solid Wastes (Management and Handling) Rules, 2000 ("Waste Management Rules, 2000") as superseded by Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 ("Waste Management Rules, 2016")**

The Waste Management Rules, 2000 applied to every municipal authority responsible for collection, segregation, storage, transportation, processing and disposal of municipal solid wastes. Any municipal solid waste generated in a city or a town, was required to be managed and handled in accordance with the compliance criteria and the procedure laid down in Schedule II of the Waste Management Rules, 2000. The Waste Management Rules, 2000 make the persons or establishments generating municipal solid wastes responsible for ensuring delivery of wastes in accordance with the collection and segregation system as notified by the municipal authority. The Waste Management Rules, 2000 have been superseded by the Waste Management Rules, 2016 which stipulate various duties of waste generators which, inter alia, include segregation and storage of waste generated by them in the manner prescribed in the Waste Management Rules, 2016; separate storage of construction and demolition waste and payment of user fee for solid waste management as specified in the bye-laws of the local bodies.

**Hazardous Wastes (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008 ("Hazardous Wastes Rules")**

The Hazardous Wastes Rules impose an obligation on every occupier of an establishment generating hazardous waste to recycle or reprocess or reuse such wastes in a registered recycler or to dispose of such hazardous wastes in an authorized disposal facility. Every person engaged, inter alia, in the generation, processing, treatment, package, storage and destruction of hazardous waste is required to obtain an authorization from the relevant state PCB for collecting, recycling, reprocessing, disposing, storing and treating the hazardous waste.

**Plastic Waste management Rules, 2016**

Under the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016, all institutional generators of plastic waste, are required to inter alia, segregate and store the waste generated by them in accordance with the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016, and handover segregated wastes to authorized waste processing or disposal facilities or deposition centers, either on its own or through the authorized waste collection agency. The waste generator shall also take steps to minimize the generation of plastic waste. The Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 also require the producers, importers and brand owners to collect back the plastic waste generated due to their products.