<table><tr><td>UPI Bidders</td><td>Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Investors and (ii) Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to Rs. 500,000.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>SEBI circular no. CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22 dated February 15, 2018, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the UPI Bidder by way of a notification on the UPI application and by way of a SMS directing the UPI Bidder to such UPI application) to the UPI Bidder initiated by the Sponsor Banks to authorise blocking of funds on the UPI Bid equivalent to Application Amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI mechanism</td><td>The bidding mechanism that may be used by an UPI Bidder to make Bid in the Offer in accordance with circular.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI PIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transaction.</td></tr><tr><td>Venture Capital Fund/ VCF</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter</td><td>A Wilful defaulter, as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, means a person or an issuer who or which is categorized as a Willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on Willful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India</td></tr><tr><td>Working Days</td><td>All days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business; provided however, with reference to (a) announcement of Price Band; and (b) Bid / Offer period, "Working Day" shall mean all days, excluding all Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business; (c) the time period between the Bid / Offer Closing Date and the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, "Working Day" shall mean all trading days of Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holidays, as per the circulars issued by SEBI.</td></tr></table>

CONVENTIONAL AND GENERAL TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>A/c</td><td>Account</td></tr><tr><td>AGM</td><td>Annual General Meeting</td></tr><tr><td>AIF</td><td>Alternative Investment Funds registered under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Air Act</td><td>The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981</td></tr><tr><td>Amt</td><td>Amount</td></tr><tr><td>AOA</td><td>Articles of Association</td></tr><tr><td>Approx</td><td>Approximately</td></tr><tr><td>AS / Accounting Standard</td><td>Accounting Standards as issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA</td><td>Applications Supported by Blocked Amount</td></tr><tr><td>Authorized Dealers</td><td>Authorized Dealers registered with RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management (Foreign Currency Accounts) Regulations, 2000</td></tr><tr><td>AY</td><td>Assessment Year</td></tr><tr><td>B. A</td><td>Bachelor of Arts</td></tr><tr><td>B. Com</td><td>Bachelor of Commerce</td></tr><tr><td>B. E</td><td>Bachelor of Engineering</td></tr><tr><td>B. Tech</td><td>Bachelor of Technology</td></tr></tbody></table>