<table><tr><td>(23) To effect, make and enter into on behalf of the Company all transactions, agreements and other contracts within the scope of the business of the Company.</td><td>To effect contracts etc.</td></tr><tr><td>(24) To apply for, promote and obtain any act, charter, privilege, concession, license, authorization, if any, Government, State or municipality, provisional order or license of any authority for enabling the Company to carry any of this objects into effect, or for extending and any of the powers of the Company or for effecting any modification of the Company's constitution, or for any other purpose, which may seem expedient and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated, directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company's interests.</td><td>To apply &amp; obtain concessions licenses etc.</td></tr><tr><td>(25) To pay and charge to the capital account of the Company any commission or interest lawfully payable there out under the provisions of Sections 40of the Act and of the provisions contained in these presents.</td><td>To pay commissions or interest.</td></tr><tr><td>(26) To redeem preference shares.</td><td>To redeem preference shares.</td></tr><tr><td>(27) To subscribe, incur expenditure or otherwise to assist or to guarantee money to charitable, benevolent, religious, scientific, national or any other institutions or subjects which shall have any moral or other claim to support or aid by the Company, either by reason of locality or operation or of public and general utility or otherwise.</td><td>To assist charitable or benevolent institutions.</td></tr><tr><td>To pay the cost, charges and expenses preliminary and incidental to the promotion, formation, establishment and registration of the Company.<br>To pay and charge to the capital account of the Company any commission or interest lawfully payable thereon under the provisions of Sections 40 of the Act.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(30) To provide for the welfare of Directors or ex-Directors or employees or ex-employees of the Company and their wives, widows and families or the dependents or connections of such persons, by building or contributing to the building of houses, dwelling or chawls, or by grants of moneys, pension, gratuities, allowances, bonus or other payments, or by creating and from time to time subscribing or contributing, to provide other associations, institutions, funds or trusts and by providing or subscribing or contributing towards place of instruction and recreation, hospitals and dispensaries, medical and other attendance and other assistance as the Board shall think fit and subject to the provision of Section 181 of the Act, to subscribe or contribute or otherwise to assist or to guarantee money to charitable, benevolent, religious, scientific, national or other institutions or object which shall have any moral or other claim to support or aid by the Company, either by reason of locality of operation, or of the public and general utility or otherwise.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>To purchase or otherwise acquire or obtain license for the use of and to sell, exchange or grant license for the use of any trade mark, patent, invention or technical know-how.<br>To sell from time to time any Articles, materials, machinery, plants, stores and other Articles and thing belonging to the Company as the Board may think proper and to manufacture, prepare and sell waste and by-products.<br>From time to time to extend the business and undertaking of the Company by adding, altering or enlarging all or any of the buildings, factories, workshops, premises, plant and machinery, for the time being the property of or in the possession of the Company, or by erecting new or additional buildings, and to expend such sum of money for the purpose aforesaid or any of them as they be thought necessary or expedient.<br>To undertake on behalf of the Company any payment of rents and the performance of the covenants, conditions and agreements contained in or reserved by any lease that may be granted or assigned to or otherwise acquired by the Company and to purchase the reversion or reversions, and otherwise to acquire on free hold sample of all or any of the lands of the Company for the time being held under lease or for an estate less than freehold estate.<br>To improve, manage, develop, exchange, lease, sell, resell and re-purchase, dispose off, deal or otherwise turn to account, any property (movable or immovable) or any rights or privileges belonging to or at the disposal of the Company or in which the Company is interested.<br>To let, sell or otherwise dispose of subject to the provisions of Section 180 of the Act and of the other Articles any property of the Company, either absolutely or conditionally and in such manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as it thinks fit and to accept payment in satisfaction for the same in cash or otherwise as it thinks fit.<br>Generally subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, to delegate the powers/authorities and discretions vested in the Directors to any person(s), firm,</td><td></td></tr></table>

334