2. The Offer has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held on August 20, 2025 and by the Shareholder of our Company, vide a special resolution passed pursuant to Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on August 25, 2025
3. The SEBI ICDR Regulations permit the Offer of securities to the public through the Book Building Process, which states that, not less than 15% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders out of which (a) one third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹200,000 and up to ₹1,000,000; and (b) two third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹1,000,000, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Individual Bidders, who applies for minimum application size, and not more than 50% of the Net Offer shall be allotted on a proportionate basis to QIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Accordingly, we have allocated the Net Offer i.e., not more than 50% of the Net Offer to QIB and not less than 35% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors and not less than 15% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation to non-institutional bidders.
4. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws. Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor.
5. Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids. For further details, please refer section titled "Offer Procedure" beginning on page 273 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
6. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹800 Lakhs prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended ("SCRR"). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Issue. Prior to the completion of the Issue, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus