<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars of the Offer <sup>(2)</sup></th><th>Market Maker<br>Reservation<br>Portion</th><th>QIBs <sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional<br>Investors</th><th>Individual Investor<br>(who applies for<br>minimum<br>application size)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Trading Lot</strong></td><td>[•] Equity Shares,<br>However the Market<br>Maker may accept<br>odd lots if any in the<br>market as required<br>under the SEBI<br>(ICDR) Regulations,<br>2018.</td><td>[•] Equity Shares<br>and in multiples<br>thereof</td><td>[•] Equity Shares<br>and in multiples<br>thereof</td><td>[•] Equity Shares<br>and in multiples<br>thereof</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Terms of Payment</strong></td><td colspan="4">Full Bid Amount shall be blocked by the SCSBs in the bank account of the ASBA Bidder (other than Anchor Investors) or by the Sponsor Bank through the UPI Mechanism, that is specified in the ASBA Form at the time of submission of the ASBA Form. In case of Anchor Investors: Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of their Bids <sup>(4)</sup></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Mode of Bid</strong></td><td>Only through the ASBA process (except for<br>Anchor Investors)</td><td colspan="3">Through ASBA Process or Through Banks<br>or by using UPI ID for payment</td></tr></tbody></table>

*This Offer is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.*

(1) Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price Anchor Investor Allocation Price.

(2) In terms of Rule 19(2) of the SCRR read with Regulation 252 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 this is an Offer for at least 25% of the post offer paid-up Equity share capital of the Company. This Offer is being made through Book Building Process, wherein allocation to the public shall be as per Regulation 252 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

(3) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, undersubscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws.

(4) Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-In Date as indicated in the CAN.

(5) In the event that a Bid is submitted in joint names, the relevant Bidders should ensure that the depository account is also held in the same joint names and that the names are in the same sequence in which they appear in the Bid cum Application Form. The Bid cum Application Form contained only the name of the first Bidder whose name should also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such first Bidder would be required in the Bid cum Application Form and such first Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders.

(6) Bidders are required to confirm and are deemed to have represented to our Company, the Selling Shareholder, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

The Bids by FPIs with certain structures as described under **"Offer Procedure - Bids by FPIs"** on page 269 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately distributed.

## WITHDRAWAL OF THE OFFER

In accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company in consultation with Book Running Lead Manager, reserves the right not to proceed with this offer at any time after the Offer Opening Date, but before our Board meeting for Allotment without assigning reasons thereof.

271