lead to fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. These risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

While we have not yet experienced any material delay, reduction in scope, cancellation, execution difficulty, payment postponement or payment default with regard to the orders placed with us, or disputes with customers in respect of any of the foregoing, any such adverse event in the future could materially harm our cash flow position and income. Further, we operate in highly competitive markets in relation to our products where it is difficult to predict whether and when we will receive such awards. As a result, our results of operations can fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on whether and when such orders are awarded to us and the commencement and progress of work under the orders placed. For further details of our business, please refer chapter titled "Our Business" beginning on Page 137 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**27. Ineffective management of our inventory, including understocking, overstocking, or delays in inventory turnover, could disrupt our ability to meet customer demand on time or result in higher holding costs and obsolescence.**

The results of operations of our business are dependent on our ability to effectively manage our inventory and stocks. To effectively manage our inventory, we must be able to accurately estimate customer demand and supply requirements and manufacture and trade inventory accordingly. If our management has misjudged expected customer demand it could adversely impact the results by causing either a shortage of products or an accumulation of excess inventory. Further, if we fail to sell the inventory we manufacture, we may be required to write-down our inventory or pay our suppliers without new purchases, or create additional vendor financing, which could have an adverse impact on our income and cash flows.

We estimate our sales based on the forecast, demand and requirements and also on the customer specifications. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, extreme climatic or weather conditions such as floods or droughts may adversely impact the supply of raw material and local transportation. Should our supply of raw materials be disrupted, we may not be able to procure an alternate source of supply in time to meet the demands of our customers. Such disruption to supply would materially and adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation. In addition, disruptions to the delivery of product to our customer may occur for reasons such as poor handling, transportation bottlenecks, or labour strikes, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries or damaged products and disrupt supply of these products.

To improve our line capability, we try to stock our inventory at our manufacturing facility. An optimal level of inventory is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively. If we over-stock inventory, our capital requirements will increase, and we will incur additional financing costs. If we under-stock inventory, our ability to meet customer demand and our operating results may be adversely affected. Any mismatch between our planning and actual consumer consumption could lead to potential excess inventory or out-of-stock situations, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation.

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>FY 2024-25</td><td>FY 2023-24</td><td>FY 2022-23</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue from operations (₹ in Lakhs)</td><td>7554.76</td><td>3803</td><td>4371.21</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory at year end (₹ in lakhs)</td><td>271.49</td><td>513.72</td><td>63.61</td></tr><tr><td>Average Inventory Holding Days</td><td>24.00</td><td>38.00</td><td>17.00</td></tr></tbody></table>

**28. We operate in a highly competitive industry, which could limit our ability to grow. We compete with a range of organized and unorganized competitors, depending on the nature and location of goods provided. Such competitors collectively compete with the majority of our product.**

The market for fabrication is highly competitive with few organized players and localised smaller unorganised players. Important factors affecting competition in the sector include existing relationship with the clients, reliability, quality, price, past track record. Our competitor's companies that may have greater financial, marketing or other resources than we do and, therefore, may be better able to compete for new work and skilled professionals. Our competitors may be willing and able to develop and provide product offerings faster or at a lower price than us. Our competitors also may affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with existing or potential clients. Growing competition may result in a decline in our market share and force us to reduce our margins and revenues. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against such competitors or that we will not lose our key employees or clients to such competitors. Additionally, we believe that our ability to compete also depends in part on factors outside our control, such as the availability of skilled resources, the price at which our competitors offer comparable services, and the extent of our competitors' responsiveness to their clients' needs. If we are unable to remain sufficiently competitive, or are unable to keep pace with them, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.

**29. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Promoter and Directors, Group Entity and KMPs/SMPs. Any adverse decision in such proceeding may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.**