Additionally, any negative publicity, misuse of our brand name, or loss of distinctiveness in the marketplace may adversely impact our brand-building efforts and could affect our future growth strategy and overall business operations.

15. **Our Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements and Operating Data may not be representative of our results as an independent company.**

The Company was originally incorporated on October 04, 2022, as a Public Limited Company as “Shreyas Fabtech Limited” vide Registration No. 391593 under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 with the Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre. The company had filed Declaration for Commencement of business on November 17, 2022. Subsequently, our Company acquired the entire running business on a going concern basis with the Assets and Liabilities of M/s. Shreyas Engineers, sole proprietorship concern of our Promoter, Mr. Shreyas Kantilal Patel vide Business Transfer Agreement dated August 28, 2023 effective from May 01, 2023. As a result, Our Restated Financial Information for the period from October 04, 2022 to March 31, 2023, to which we refer as “Fiscal 2023” was prepared on a standalone basis. For comparative purposes, we have also prepared Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements for Fiscal 2025, 2024 and Fiscal 2023, which includes the business in respect of M/s. Shreyas Engineers (sole proprietorship concern of our promoter Mr. Shreyas Kantilal Patel until April 30, 2023) which has been combined with restated financial statements of our company for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2024.

For FY 2023 and 2024, combined financial information includes standalone financial information of M/s. Shreyas Engineers proprietorship concern. Certain operating data and key performance indicators for Fiscal 2023, 2024 and Fiscal 2025 are presented on a basis. This special purpose combined financial information and Operating Data and key performance indicators are not of our Company's standalone financials and operations. The Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements and Operating Data and key performance indicators for Fiscal 2023, 2024 and Fiscal 2025 presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may not be representative of what our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow or operating performance would have been had we been a separate entity during the periods presented. Furthermore, neither the Restated Financial Information nor the Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements should be used to forecast or accurately predict our future performance with any degree of certainty.

16. **Our Company is dependent on third party logistics service providers, with whom we have no formal arrangements, for the delivery of our finished goods and any disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services or an increase in the transportation costs could adversely affect our Company's reputation and results of operations.**

We primarily depend on third party logistics service providers to deliver our finished goods to our customer. Such logistics providers are arranged on spot basis and in certain cases may not be insured for the full value of the load that they are carrying in case of domestic sale. We also rely on third parties logistic service providers, with whom we have no formal arrangement, to provide trucking, shipping and other transportation facilities for the transfer of finished goods to port or customer's country depending upon the requirement. These transportation facilities may not be adequate to support our existing and future operations and there may be disruptions of transportation and logistics services due to weather-related problems, strikes, lockouts, inadequacies in the road infrastructure and seaport facilities. Also, we do not own any trucks or commercial transport vehicles and primarily use third-party logistics providers for all operations. In addition, any increase in the charges imposed by the operators of transportation and logistics facilities would significantly impact our costs and results of our operations. Any disruption of any of our transportation routes or facilities may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The details of Freight expenses on the basis of Special purpose combined financials are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>FY 2024-25</td><td>FY 2023-24</td><td>FY 2022-23</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>7554.76</td><td>3803</td><td>4371.21</td></tr><tr><td>Freight Expenses</td><td>42.48</td><td>27.58</td><td>25.15</td></tr><tr><td>% of Revenue from operations</td><td>0.56%</td><td>0.73%</td><td>0.58%</td></tr></tbody></table>

17. **The directors of our Company do not have any experience in the Listed Company.**

Our company's directors lack experience of being Director in listed companies. There might be a potential inadequacy in navigating the complexities of corporate governance and regulatory compliance specific to public entities. Without a solid understanding of the intricacies involved in managing a publicly traded company, these directors may struggle to fulfil their fiduciary responsibilities effectively. This lack of experience can hinder their ability to provide meaningful oversight of management, assess risks appropriately, and engage in strategic decision-making.

Consequently, the board may face challenges in addressing issues related to financial reporting, regulatory obligations, and shareholder communications. Such deficiencies could lead to mismanagement, compliance breaches, and reputational harm, ultimately undermining investor confidence and adversely impacting the company's performance and market valuation. Further, as a publicly listed company, the Company will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate