<table><tr><td></td><td>of the Company shall have no power to remove from office the Nominee Director/s so appointed. The said Nominee Director/s shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges including receiving of notices, copies of the minutes, sitting fees, etc. as any other Director of the Company is entitled.<br/>(c) If the Nominee Director/s is an officer of any of the financial institution the sitting fees in relation to such nominee Directors shall accrue to such financial institution and the same accordingly be paid by the Company to them. The Financial Institution shall be entitled to depute observer to attend the meetings of the Board or any other Committee constituted by the Board.<br/>(d) The Nominee Director/s shall, notwithstanding anything to the Contrary contained in these Articles, be at liberty to disclose any information obtained by him/them to the Financial Institution appointing him/them as such Director/s.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>128.</td><td>The Board may appoint an Alternate Director to act for a Director (hereinafter called "The Original Director") during his absence for a period of not less than three months from India. An Alternate Director appointed under this Article shall not hold office for period longer than that permissible to the Original Director in whose place he has been appointed and shall vacate office if and when the Original Director returns to India. If the term of Office of the Original Director is determined before he so returns to India, any provision in the Act or in these Articles for the automatic re-appointment of retiring Director in default of another appointment shall apply to the Original Director and not to the Alternate Director.</td><td>Appointment of alternate Director.</td></tr><tr><td>129.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint any other person to be an Additional Director. Any such Additional Director shall hold office only upto the date of the next Annual General Meeting.</td><td>Additional Director</td></tr><tr><td>130.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint a Director, if the office of any director appointed by the company in general meeting is vacated before his term of office expires in the normal course, who shall hold office only upto the date upto which the Director in whose place he is appointed would have held office if it had not been vacated by him.</td><td>Directors power to fill casual vacancies.</td></tr><tr><td>131.</td><td>Until otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting, each Director other than the Managing/Whole-time Director (unless otherwise specifically provided for) shall be entitled to sitting fees not exceeding a sum prescribed in the Act (as may be amended from time to time) for attending meetings of the Board or Committees thereof.</td><td>Sitting Fees.</td></tr><tr><td>132.</td><td>The Board of Directors may subject to the limitations provided in the Act allow and pay to any Director who attends a meeting at a place other than his usual place of residence for the purpose of attending a meeting, such sum as the Board may consider fair, compensation for travelling, hotel and other incidental expenses properly incurred by him, in addition to his fee for attending such meeting as above specified.</td><td>Travelling expenses Incurred by Director on Company's business.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">PROCEEDING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS</td></tr><tr><td>133.</td><td>(a) The Board of Directors may meet for the conduct of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate its meetings as it thinks fit.<br/>(b) A director may, and the manager or secretary on the requisition of a director shall, at any time, summon a meeting of the Board.</td><td>Meetings of Directors.</td></tr><tr><td>134.</td><td>a) The Directors may from time to time elect from among their members a Chairperson of the Board and determine the period for which he is to hold office. If at any meeting of the Board, the Chairman is not present within Fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the Directors present may choose one of the Directors then present to preside at the meeting.<br/>b) Subject to Section 203 of the Act and rules made there under, one person can act as the Chairman as well as the Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer at the same time.</td><td>Chairperson</td></tr><tr><td>135.</td><td>Questions arising at any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be decided by a majority of votes and in the case of an equality of votes, the Chairman will have a second or casting vote.</td><td>Questions at Board meeting how decided.</td></tr><tr><td>136.</td><td>The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board; but, if and so long as their number is reduced below the quorum fixed by the Act for a meeting of the Board, the continuing directors or director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of directors to that fixed for the quorum, or of summoning a general meeting of the company, but for no other purpose.</td><td>Continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board</td></tr></table>

330