Investors”), will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction / purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, Government of India has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such bank or fund in India. Each Bidder should seek independent legal advice about its ability to participate in the Offer. In the event such prior approval of the Government of India is required, and such approval has been obtained, the Bidder shall intimate our Company and the Registrar to the Offer in writing about such approval along with a copy thereof within the Offer Period.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in this Offer and in accordance with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines etc. as amended by Reserve bank of India, from time to time. Investors are advised to confirm their eligibility under the relevant laws before investing and / or subsequent purchase or sale transaction in the Equity Shares of our Company. Investors will not offer, sell, pledge or transfer the Equity Shares of our Company to any person who is not eligible under applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines. Our Company, the Underwriters and their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives, as applicable, accept no responsibility or liability for advising any investor on whether such investor is eligible to acquire Equity Shares of our Company.

## INVESTMENT CONDITIONS / RESTRICTIONS FOR OVERSEAS ENTITIES

Under the current FDI Policy 2020, the maximum amount of Investment (sectoral cap) by foreign investor in an issuing entity is composite unless it is explicitly provided otherwise including all types of foreign investments, direct and indirect, regardless of whether it has been made for FDI, FPI, NRI / OCI, LLPs, FVCI, Investment Vehicles and DRs under Foreign Exchange Management. (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019. Any equity holding by a person resident outside India resulting from conversion of any debt instrument under any arrangement shall be reckoned as foreign investment under the composite cap.

Portfolio Investment upto aggregate foreign investment level of 49% or sectoral / statutory cap, whichever is lower, will not be subject to either Government approval or compliance of sectoral conditions, if such investment does not result in transfer of ownership and / or control of Indian entities from resident Indian citizens to non-resident entities. Other foreign investments will be subject to conditions of Government approval and compliance of sectoral conditions as per FDI Policy. The total foreign investment, direct and indirect, in the issuing entity will not exceed the sectoral / statutory cap.

## INVESTMENT BY FPIS UNDER PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT SCHEME (PIS)

With regards to purchase / sale of capital instruments of an Indian company by an FPI under PIS the total holding by each FPI or an investor group as referred in SEBI (FPI) Regulations, 2014 shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all FPIs put together shall not exceed 24% of paid-up equity capital on fully diluted basis or paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants. The said limit of 10% and 24% will be called the individual and aggregate limit, respectively. However, this limit of 24% may be increased up to sectoral cap / statutory ceiling, as applicable, by the Indian company concerned by passing a resolution by its Board of Directors followed by passing of a special resolution to that effect by its general body.

## INVESTMENT BY NRI OR OCI ON REPATRIATION BASIS

The purchase / sale of equity shares, debentures, preference shares and share warrants issued by an Indian company (hereinafter referred to as “Capital Instruments”) of a listed Indian company on a recognised stock exchange in India by Non-Resident Indian (NRI) or Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) on repatriation basis is allowed subject to certain conditions under Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019.

The total holding by any individual NRI or OCI shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or should not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants; provided that the aggregate ceiling of 10% may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the general body of the Indian company.

## INVESTMENT BY NRI OR OCI ON NON-REPATRIATION BASIS