<table><tr><td>107.</td><td>The demand for a poll except on the question of the election of the Chairman and of an adjournment shall not prevent the continuance of a meeting for the transaction of any business other than the question on which the poll has been demanded.</td><td>Demand for poll not to prevent transaction of other business.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">VOTES OF MEMBERS</td></tr><tr><td>108.</td><td>No Member shall be entitled to vote either personally or by proxy at any General Meeting or Meeting of a class of shareholders either upon a show of hands, upon a poll or electronically, or be reckoned in a quorum in respect of any shares registered in his name on which any calls or other sums presently payable by him have not been paid or in regard to which the Company has exercised, any right or lien.</td><td>Members in arrears not to vote.</td></tr><tr><td>109.</td><td>Subject to the provision of these Articles and without prejudice to any special privileges, or restrictions as to voting for the time being attached to any class of shares for the time being forming part of the capital of the company, every Member, not disqualified by the last preceding Article shall be entitled to be present, and to speak and to vote at such meeting, and on a show of hands every member present in person shall have one vote and upon a poll the voting right of every Member present in person or by proxy shall be in proportion to his share of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company, Provided, however, if any preference shareholder is present at any meeting of the Company, save as provided in sub-section (2) of Section 47 of the Act, he shall have a right to vote only on resolution placed before the meeting which directly affect the rights attached to his preference shares.</td><td>Number of votes each member entitled.</td></tr><tr><td>110.</td><td>On a poll taken at a meeting of the Company a member entitled to more than one vote or his proxy or other person entitled to vote for him, as the case may be, need not, if he votes, use all his votes or cast in the same way all the votes he uses.</td><td>Casting of votes by a member entitled to more than one vote.</td></tr><tr><td>111.</td><td>A member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction in lunacy, or a minor may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee or other legal guardian, and any such committee or guardian may, on a poll, vote by proxy.</td><td>Vote of member of unsound mind and of minor</td></tr><tr><td>112.</td><td>Notwithstanding anything contained in the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and the Rules made there under, the Company may, and in the case of resolutions relating to such business as may be prescribed by such authorities from time to time, declare to be conducted only by postal ballot, shall, get any such business/ resolutions passed by means of postal ballot, instead of transacting the business in the General Meeting of the Company.</td><td>Postal Ballot</td></tr><tr><td>113.</td><td>A member may exercise his vote at a meeting by electronic means in accordance with section 108 and shall vote only once.</td><td>E-Voting</td></tr><tr><td>114.</td><td>a) In the case of joint holders, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders. If more than one of the said persons remain present than the senior shall alone be entitled to speak and to vote in respect of such shares, but the other or others of the joint holders shall be entitled to be present at the meeting. Several executors or administrators of a deceased Member in whose name share stands shall for the purpose of these Articles be deemed joint holders thereof.<br/>b) For this purpose, seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members.</td><td>Votes of joint members.</td></tr><tr><td>115.</td><td>Votes may be given either personally or by attorney or by proxy or in case of a company, by a representative duly Authorised as mentioned in Articles</td><td>Votes may be given by proxy or by representative</td></tr><tr><td>116.</td><td>A body corporate (whether a company within the meaning of the Act or not) may, if it is member or creditor of the Company (including being a holder of debentures) authorise such person by resolution of its Board of Directors, as it thinks fit, in accordance with the provisions of Section 113 of the Act to act as its representative at any Meeting of the members or creditors of the Company or debentures holders of the Company. A person authorised by resolution as aforesaid shall be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers (including the right to vote by proxy) on behalf of the body corporate as if it were an individual member, creditor or holder of debentures of the Company.</td><td>Representation of a body corporate.</td></tr><tr><td>117.</td><td>(a) A member paying the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on any share held by him although no part of that amount has been called up, shall not be entitled to any voting rights in respect of the moneys paid until the same would, but for this payment, become presently payable.</td><td>Members paying money in advance.</td></tr></table>

328