<table><tr><td>156.</td><td>No amount paid or credited as paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of this articles as paid on the share.</td><td>Capital paid up in advance not to earn dividend.</td></tr><tr><td>157.</td><td>All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividends as from a particular date such share shall rank for dividend accordingly.</td><td>Dividends in proportion to amount paid-up.</td></tr><tr><td>158.</td><td>The Board of Directors may retain the dividend payable upon shares in respect of which any person under Articles has become entitled to be a member, or any person under that Article is entitled to transfer, until such person becomes a member, in respect of such shares or shall duly transfer the same.</td><td>Retention of dividends until completion of transfer under Articles.</td></tr><tr><td>159.</td><td>No member shall be entitled to receive payment of any interest or dividend or bonus in respect of his share or shares, whilst any money may be due or owing from him to the Company in respect of such share or shares (or otherwise however, either alone or jointly with any other person or persons) and the Board of Directors may deduct from the interest or dividend payable to any member all such sums of money so due from him to the Company.</td><td>No Member to receive dividend whilst indebted to the company and the Company's right of reimbursement thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>160.</td><td>A transfer of shares does not pass the right to any dividend declared thereon before the registration of the transfer.</td><td>Effect of transfer of shares.</td></tr><tr><td>161.</td><td>Any one of several persons who are registered as joint holders of any share may give effectual receipts for all dividends or bonus and payments on account of dividends in respect of such share.</td><td>Dividend to joint holders.</td></tr><tr><td>162.</td><td>a) Any dividend, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of shares may be paid by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of that one of the joint holders who is first named on the register of members, or to such person and to such address as the holder or joint holders may in writing direct.<br/>b) Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent.</td><td>Dividends how remitted.</td></tr><tr><td>163.</td><td>Notice of any dividend that may have been declared shall be given to the persons entitled to share therein in the manner mentioned in the Act.</td><td>Notice of dividend.</td></tr><tr><td>164.</td><td>No unclaimed dividend shall be forfeited before the claim becomes barred by law and no unpaid dividend shall bear interest as against the Company.</td><td>No interest on Dividends.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="text-align: center; font-weight: bold;">CAPITALIZATION</td></tr><tr><td>165.</td><td>(1) The Company in General Meeting may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve:<br/>(a) that it is desirable to capitalize any part of the amount for the time being standing to the credit of any of the Company's reserve accounts, or to the credit of the Profit and Loss account, or otherwise available for distribution; and<br/>(b) that such sum be accordingly set free for distribution in the manner specified in clause (2) amongst the members who would have been entitled thereto, if distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions.<br/>(2) The sums aforesaid shall not be paid in cash but shall be applied subject to the provisions contained in clause (3) either in or towards:<br/>(i) paying up any amounts for the time being unpaid on any shares held by such members respectively;<br/>(ii) paying up in full, unissued shares of the Company to be allotted and distributed, credited as fully paid up, to and amongst such members in the proportions aforesaid; or<br/>(iii) partly in the way specified in sub-clause (i) and partly in that specified in sub-clause (ii).<br/>(3) A Securities Premium Account and Capital Redemption Reserve Account may, for the purposes of this regulation, only be applied in the paying up of unissued shares to be issued to members of the Company and fully paid bonus shares.<br/>(4) The Board shall give effect to the resolution passed by the Company in pursuance of this regulation.</td><td>Capitalization.</td></tr></table>

337