<table><tr><td>81.</td><td>A nominee, upon production of such evidence as may be required by the Board and subject as hereinafter provided, elect, either-<br/>(i) to be registered himself as holder of the security, as the case may be; or<br/>(ii) to make such transfer of the security, as the case may be, as the deceased security holder, could have made;<br/>(iii) if the nominee elects to be registered as holder of the security, himself, as the case may be, he shall deliver or send to the Company, a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects and such notice shall be accompanied with the death certificate of the deceased security holder as the case may be;<br/>(iv) a nominee shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled to, if he were the registered holder of the security except that he shall not, before being registered as a member in respect of his security, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company.<br/>Provided further that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to transfer the share or debenture, and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other moneys payable or rights accruing in respect of the share or debenture, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.</td><td>Transmission of Securities by nominee</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>82.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder the Company may offer its members facility to hold securities issued by it in dematerialized form.</td><td>Dematerialisation of Securities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">JOINT HOLDER</td></tr><tr><td>83.</td><td>Where two or more persons are registered as the holders of any share they shall be deemed to hold the same as joint Shareholders with benefits of survivorship subject to the following and other provisions contained in these Articles.</td><td>Joint Holders</td></tr><tr><td>84.</td><td>(a) The Joint holders of any share shall be liable severally as well as jointly for and in respect of all calls and other payments which ought to be made in respect of such share.<br/>(b) on the death of any such joint holders the survivor or survivors shall be the only person recognized by the Company as having any title to the share but the Board may require such evidence of death as it may deem fit and nothing herein contained shall be taken to release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability of shares held by them jointly with any other person;<br/>(c) Any one of two or more joint holders of a share may give effectual receipts of any dividends or other moneys payable in respect of share; and<br/>(d) only the person whose name stands first in the Register of Members as one of the joint holders of any share shall be entitled to delivery of the certificate relating to such share or to receive documents from the Company and any such document served on or sent to such person shall deemed to be service on all the holders.</td><td>Joint and several liabilities for all payments in respect of shares.<br/>Title of survivors.<br/>Receipts of one sufficient.<br/>Delivery of certificate and giving of notices to first named holders.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SHARE WARRANTS</td></tr><tr><td>85.</td><td>The Company may issue warrants subject to and in accordance with provisions of the Act and accordingly the Board may in its discretion with respect to any Share which is fully paid upon application in writing signed by the persons registered as holder of the Share, and authenticated by such evidence(if any) as the Board may, from time to time, require as to the identity of the persons signing the application and on receiving the certificate (if any) of the Share, and the amount of the stamp duty on the warrant and such fee as the Board may, from time to time, require, issue a share warrant.</td><td>Power to issue share warrants</td></tr><tr><td>86.</td><td>The bearer of a share warrant may at any time deposit the warrant at the Office of the Company, and so long as the warrant remains so deposited, the depositor shall have the same right of signing a requisition for call in a meeting of the Company, and of attending and voting and exercising the other privileges of a Member at any meeting held after the expiry of two clear days from the time of deposit, as if his name were inserted in the Register of Members as the holder of the Share included in the deposit warrant.<br/>) Not more than one person shall be recognized as depositor of the Share warrant.<br/>The Company shall, on two day's written notice, return the deposited share warrant</td><td>Deposit of share warrants</td></tr></table>