<table><tr><td>148.</td><td>a) Subject to the provisions of the Act,—<br/>i. A chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer may be appointed by the Board for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions as it may thinks fit; and any chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer so appointed may be removed by means of a resolution of the Board;<br/>ii. A director may be appointed as chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer.<br/>b) A provision of the Act or these regulations requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or to a director and chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person acting both as director and as, or in place of, chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer.</td><td>Board to appoint<br/>Chief Executive<br/>Officer/ Manager/<br/>Company Secretary/<br/>Chief Financial<br/>Officer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">THE SEAL</td></tr><tr><td>149.</td><td>(a) The Board shall provide a Common Seal for the purposes of the Company, and shall have power from time to time to destroy the same and substitute a new Seal in lieu thereof, and the Board shall provide for the safe custody of the Seal for the time being, and the Seal shall never be used except by the authority of the Board or a Committee of the Board previously given.<br/>(b) The Company shall also be at liberty to have an Official Seal in accordance with of the Act, for use in any territory, district or place outside India.</td><td>The seal, its custody and use.</td></tr><tr><td>150.</td><td>The seal of the company shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Board or of a committee of the Board authorized by it in that behalf, and except in the presence of at least two directors and of the secretary or such other person as the Board may appoint for the purpose; and those two directors and the secretary or other person aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which the seal of the company is so affixed in their presence.</td><td>Deeds how executed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">DIVIDEND AND RESERVES</td></tr><tr><td>151.</td><td>(1) Subject to the rights of persons, if any, entitled to shares with special rights as to dividends, all dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares in respect whereof the dividend is paid, but if and so long as nothing is paid upon any of the shares in the Company, dividends may be declared and paid according to the amounts of the shares.<br/>(2) No amount paid or credited as paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of this regulation as paid on the share.<br/>(3) All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid; but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date such share shall rank for dividend accordingly.</td><td>Division of profits.</td></tr><tr><td>152.</td><td>The Company in General Meeting may declare dividends, to be paid to members according to their respective rights and interests in the profits and may fix the time for payment and the Company shall comply with the provisions of Section 127 of the Act, but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board of Directors, but the Company may declare a smaller dividend in general meeting.</td><td>The company in<br/>General Meeting<br/>may declare<br/>Dividends.</td></tr><tr><td>153.</td><td>a) The Board may, before recommending any dividend, set aside out of the profits of the company such sums as it thinks fit as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Board, be applicable for any purpose to which the profits of the company may be properly applied, including provision for meeting contingencies or for equalizing dividends; and pending such application, may, at the like discretion, either be employed in the business of the company or be invested in such investments (other than shares of the company) as the Board may, from time to time, thinks fit.<br/>b) The Board may also carry forward any profits which it may consider necessary not to divide, without setting them aside as a reserve.</td><td>Transfer to reserves</td></tr><tr><td>154.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of section 123, the Board may from time to time pay to the members such interim dividends as appear to it to be justified by the profits of the company.</td><td>Interim Dividend.</td></tr><tr><td>155.</td><td>The Directors may retain any dividends on which the Company has a lien and may apply the same in or towards the satisfaction of the debts, liabilities or engagements in respect of which the lien exists.</td><td>Debts may be deducted.</td></tr></table>

336