attacks, other incidents such as those in US, Indonesia, Madrid and London, and other acts of violence may adversely affect the Indian stock markets where our Equity Shares will trade the global equity markets as well generally. Such acts could negatively impact business sentiment as well as trade between countries, which could adversely affect our Company's business and profitability. Additionally, such events could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares.

**76. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.**

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, that are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see "Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities" on page 311 of Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**77. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position.**

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution.

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value such a custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced.

**78. Any downgrading of India's sovereign rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing.**

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing may be available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of our Equity Shares.

**79. Our business and activities are regulated by the Competition Act.**

The Competition Act, 2002 (the "Competition Act") was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices having an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (the "CCI") to regulate such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to adversely affect competition in India is void and may result in substantial penalties. Any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly determines purchase or sale prices, directly or indirectly results in bid rigging or collusive bidding, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services, or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or types of goods or services or number of clients in the relevant market or any other similar way, is presumed to adversely affect competition in the relevant market in India and shall be void. The Competition Act also prohibits the abuse of dominant position by any enterprise. Further, if it is proved that any contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and may be punished.

Consequently, all agreements entered by us may fall within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination adversely affects competition in India. The applicability of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects.