<table><tr><td>166.</td><td>(1) Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been passed, the Board shall —<br/>(a) make all appropriations and applications of the undivided profits resolved to be capitalized thereby and all allotments and issues of fully paid shares, if any, and<br/>(b) generally to do all acts and things required to give effect thereto.<br/>(2) The Board shall have full power -<br/>(a) to make such provision, by the issue of fractional certificates or by payment in cash or otherwise as it thinks fit, in case of shares becoming distributable in fractions; and also<br/>(b) to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the members entitled thereto, into an agreement with the Company providing for the allotment to them respectively, credited as fully paid up, of any further shares to which they may be entitled upon such capitalization, or (as the case may require) for the payment by the Company on their behalf, by the application thereto of their respective proportions, of the profits resolved to be capitalized, of the amounts or any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares.<br/>(3) Any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such members.<br/>(4) That for the purpose of giving effect to any resolution, under the preceding paragraph of this Article, the Directors may give such directions as may be necessary and settle any questions or difficulties that may arise in regard to any issue including distribution of new equity shares and fractional certificates as they think fit.</td><td>Fractional Certificates.</td></tr><tr><td>167.</td><td>(1) The books containing the minutes of the proceedings of any General Meetings of the Company shall be open to inspection of members without charge on such days and during such business hours as may consistently with the provisions of Section 119 of the Act be determined by the Company in General Meeting and the members will also be entitled to be furnished with copies thereof on payment of regulated charges.<br/>(2) Any member of the Company shall be entitled to be furnished within seven days after he has made a request in that behalf to the Company with a copy of any minutes referred to in sub-clause (1) hereof on payment of Rs. 10 per page or any part thereof.</td><td>Inspection of Minutes Books of General Meetings.</td></tr><tr><td>168.</td><td>a) The Board shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations, the accounts and books of the company, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of members not being directors.<br/>b) No member (not being a director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board or by the company in general meeting.</td><td>Inspection of Accounts</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">FOREIGN REGISTER</td></tr><tr><td>169.</td><td>The Company may exercise the powers conferred on it by the provisions of the Act with regard to the keeping of Foreign Register of its Members or Debenture holders, and the Board may, subject to the provisions of the Act, make and vary such regulations as it may think fit in regard to the keeping of any such Registers.</td><td>Foreign Register.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">DOCUMENTS AND SERVICE OF NOTICES</td></tr><tr><td>170.</td><td>Any document or notice to be served or given by the Company be signed by a Director or such person duly authorised by the Board for such purpose and the signature may be written or printed or lithographed.</td><td>Signing of documents & notices to be served or given.</td></tr><tr><td>171.</td><td>Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, a document or proceeding requiring authentication by the company may be signed by a Director, the Manager, or Secretary or other Authorised Officer of the Company and need not be under the Common Seal of the Company.</td><td>Authentication of documents and proceedings.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">WINDING UP</td></tr><tr><td>172.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Chapter XX of the Act and rules made thereunder—<br/>(i) If the company shall be wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the company and any other sanction required by the Act, divide amongst the members, in specie or kind, the whole or any part of the assets of the company, whether they shall consist of property of the same kind or not.<br/>(ii) For the purpose aforesaid, the liquidator may set such value as he deems fair upon any property to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the members or different classes of members.<br/>(iii) The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of such</td><td></td></tr></table>

338