<table><tr><td>46.</td><td>For the purpose of enforcing such lien the Directors may sell the shares subject thereto in such manner as they shall think fit, but no sale shall be made until such period as aforesaid shall have arrived and until notice in writing of the intention to sell shall have been served on such member or the person (if any) entitled by transmission to the shares and default shall have been made by him in payment, fulfillment of discharge of such debts, liabilities or engagements for seven days after such notice. To give effect to any such sale the Board may authorise some person to transfer the shares sold to the purchaser thereof and purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer. Upon any such sale as the Certificates in respect of the shares sold shall stand cancelled and become null and void and of no effect, and the Directors shall be entitled to issue a new Certificate or Certificates in lieu thereof to the purchaser or purchasers concerned.</td><td>As to enforcing lien by sale.</td></tr><tr><td>47.</td><td>The net proceeds of any such sale shall be received by the Company and applied in or towards payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and the residue, if any, shall (subject to lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale.</td><td>Application of proceeds of sale.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">FORFEITURE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>48.</td><td>If any Member fails to pay the whole or any part of any call or installment or any moneys due in respect of any shares either by way of principal or interest on or before the day appointed for the payment of the same, the Directors may, at any time thereafter, during such time as the call or installment or any part thereof or other moneys as aforesaid remains unpaid or a judgment or decree in respect thereof remains unsatisfied in whole or in part, serve a notice on such Member or on the person (if any) entitled to the shares by transmission, requiring him to pay such call or installment of such part thereof or other moneys as remain unpaid together with any interest that may have accrued and all reasonable expenses (legal or otherwise) that may have been accrued by the Company by reason of such non-payment. Provided that no such shares shall be forfeited if any moneys shall remain unpaid in respect of any call or installment or any part thereof as aforesaid by reason of the delay occasioned in payment due to the necessity of complying with the provisions contained in the relevant exchange control laws or other applicable laws of India, for the time being in force.</td><td>If call or installment not paid, notice may be given.</td></tr><tr><td>49.</td><td>The notice shall name a day (not being less than fourteen days from the date of notice) and a place or places on and at which such call or installment and such interest thereon as the Directors shall determine from the day on which such call or installment ought to have been paid and expenses as aforesaid are to be paid. The notice shall also state that, in the event of the non-payment at or before the time and at the place or places appointed, the shares in respect of which the call was made or installment is payable will be liable to be forfeited.</td><td>Terms of notice.</td></tr><tr><td>50.</td><td>If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid shall not be complied with, every or any share in respect of which such notice has been given, may at any time thereafter but before payment of all calls or installments, interest and expenses, due in respect thereof, be forfeited by resolution of the Board to that effect. Such forfeiture shall include all dividends declared or any other moneys payable in respect of the forfeited share and not actually paid before the forfeiture.</td><td>On default of payment, shares to be forfeited.</td></tr><tr><td>51.</td><td>When any shares have been forfeited, notice of the forfeiture shall be given to the member in whose name it stood immediately prior to the forfeiture, and an entry of the forfeiture, with the date thereof shall forthwith be made in the Register of Members.</td><td>Notice of forfeiture to a Member</td></tr><tr><td>52.</td><td>Any shares so forfeited, shall be deemed to be the property of the Company and may be sold, re-allotted, or otherwise disposed of, either to the original holder thereof or to any other person, upon such terms and in such manner as the Board in their absolute discretion shall think fit.</td><td>Forfeited shares to be property of the Company and maybe sold etc.</td></tr><tr><td>53.</td><td>Any Member whose shares have been forfeited shall notwithstanding the forfeiture, be liable to pay and shall forthwith pay to the Company, on demand all calls, installments, interest and expenses owing upon or in respect of such shares at the time of the forfeiture, together with interest thereon from the time of the forfeiture until payment, at such rate as the Board may determine and the Board may enforce the payment of the whole or a portion thereof as if it were a new call made at the date of the forfeiture, but shall not be under any obligation to do so.</td><td>Members still liable to pay money owing at time of forfeiture and interest.</td></tr><tr><td>54.</td><td>The forfeiture shares shall involve extinction at the time of the forfeiture, of all in all claims and demand against the Company, in respect of the share and all other rights incidental to the share, except only such of those rights as by these Articles are expressly</td><td>Effect of forfeiture.</td></tr></table>