SECTION XII: MAIN PROVISIONS OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
THE COMPANIES ACT 2013
(Incorporated under Companies Act, 2013)
COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION*
OF
* SHREYAS FABTECH LIMITED

Pursuant to Schedule I of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Main provisions of the Articles of Association relating to voting rights, dividend, lien, forfeiture, restrictions on transfer and Transmission of equity shares or debentures, their consolidation or splitting are as provided below. Each provision below is numbered as per the corresponding article number in the articles of association and defined terms herein have the meaning given to them in the Articles of Association.

<table><tr><td>1.</td><td>No regulation contained in Table "F" in the First Schedule to Companies Act, 2013 shall apply to this Company but the regulations for the Management of the Company and for the observance of the Members thereof and their representatives shall be as set out in the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and subject to any exercise of the statutory powers of the Company with reference to the repeal or alteration of or addition to its regulations by Special Resolution as prescribed by the said Companies Act, 2013 be such as are contained in these Articles unless the same are repugnant or contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any amendment thereto.</td><td>Table Applicable.</td><td>F</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Interpretation Clause</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>In the interpretation of these Articles the following expressions shall have the following meanings unless repugnant to the subject or context:<br/>(a) "The Act" means the Companies Act, 2013 and includes any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force.<br/>(b) "These Articles" means Articles of Association for the time being in force or as may be altered from time to time vide Special Resolution.<br/>(c) "Auditors" means and includes those persons appointed as such for the time being of the Company.<br/>(d) "Capital" means the share capital for the time being raised or authorized to be raised for the purpose of the Company.<br/>(e) "The Company" shall mean 'Shreyas Fabtech Limited'<br/>(f) "Executor" or "Administrator" means a person who has obtained a probate or letter of administration, as the case may be from a Court of competent jurisdiction and shall include a holder of a Succession Certificate authorizing the holder thereof to negotiate or transfer the Share or Shares of the deceased Member and shall also include the holder of a Certificate granted by the Administrator General under section 31 of the Administrator General Act, 1963.<br/>(g) "Legal Representative" means a person who in law represents the estate of a deceased Member.<br/>(h) Words importing the masculine gender also include the feminine gender.<br/>(i) "In Writing" and "Written" includes printing lithography and other modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form.<br/>(j) The marginal notes hereto shall not affect the construction thereof.<br/>(k) "Meeting" or "General Meeting" means a meeting of members.<br/>(l) "Month" means a calendar month.<br/>(m) "Annual General Meeting" means a General Meeting of the Members held in accordance with the provision of section 96 of the Act.<br/>(n) "Extra-Ordinary General Meeting" means an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Members duly called and constituted and any adjourned holding thereof.<br/>(o) "National Holiday" means and includes a day declared as National Holiday by the Central Government.<br/>(p) "Non-retiring Directors" means a director not subject to retirement by rotation.<br/>(q) "Office" means the registered Office for the time being of the Company.<br/>(r) "Ordinary Resolution" and "Special Resolution" shall have the meanings assigned thereto by Section 114 of the Act.<br/>(s) "Person" shall be deemed to include corporations and firms as well as individuals.<br/>(t) "Proxy" means an instrument whereby any person is authorized to vote for a member at General Meeting or Poll and includes attorney duly constituted under the power of</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Legal Representative</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Gender</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>In Writing and Written</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Marginal notes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Meeting or General Meeting</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Month</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Annual General Meeting</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Extra-Ordinary General Meeting</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>National Holiday</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Non-retiring Directors</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Office</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Ordinary and Special Resolution</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Person</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Proxy</td><td></td></tr></table>