<table><tr><td></td><td>where there is no further space on the back thereof for endorsement of transfer. Provided that notwithstanding what is stated above the Directors shall comply with such Rules or Regulation or requirements of any Stock Exchange or the Rules made under the Act or the rules made under Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, or any other Act, or rules applicable in this behalf. The provisions of this Article shall mutatis mutandis apply to debentures of the Company.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>30.</td><td>(a) If any share stands in the names of two or more persons, the person first named in the Register shall as regard receipts of dividends or bonus or service of notices and all or any other matter connected with the Company except voting at meetings, and the transfer of the shares, be deemed sole holder thereof but the joint-holders of a share shall be severally as well as jointly liable for the payment of all calls and other payments due in respect of such share and for all incidentals thereof according to the Company's regulations.<br/>(b) The Company shall not be bound to register more than three persons as the joint holders of any share.</td><td>The first named joint holder deemed Sole holder.<br/>Maximum number of joint holders.</td></tr><tr><td>31.</td><td>Except as ordered by a Court of competent jurisdiction or as by law required, the Company shall not be bound to recognise any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share, or (except only as is by these Articles otherwise expressly provided) any right in respect of a share other than an absolute right thereto, in accordance with these Articles, in the person from time to time registered as the holder thereof but the Board shall be at liberty at its sole discretion to register any share in the joint names of any two or more persons or the survivor or survivors of them.</td><td>Company not bound to recognise any interest in share other than that of registered holders.</td></tr><tr><td>32.</td><td>If by the conditions of allotment of any share the whole or part of the amount or issue price thereof shall be payable by installment, every such installment shall when due be paid to the Company by the person who for the time being and from time to time shall be the registered holder of the share or his legal representative.</td><td>Installment on shares to be duly paid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">UNDERWRITING AND BROKERAGE</td></tr><tr><td>33.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 40 (6) of the Act, the Company may at any time pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing, to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any shares or debentures in the Company, or procuring, or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any shares or debentures in the Company but so that the commission shall not exceed the maximum rates laid down by the Act and the rules made in that regard. Such commission may be satisfied by payment of cash or by allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in one way and partly in the other.</td><td>Commission</td></tr><tr><td>34.</td><td>The Company may pay on any issue of shares and debentures such brokerage as may be reasonable and lawful.</td><td>Brokerage</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">CALLS</td></tr><tr><td>35.</td><td>(1) The Board may, from time to time, subject to the terms on which any shares may have been issued and subject to the conditions of allotment, by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Board and not by a circular resolution, make such calls as it thinks fit, upon the Members in respect of all the moneys unpaid on the shares held by them respectively and each Member shall pay the amount of every call so made on him to the persons and at the time and places appointed by the Board.<br/>(2) A call may be revoked or postponed at the discretion of the Board.<br/>(3) A call may be made payable by installments.</td><td>Directors may make calls</td></tr><tr><td>36.</td><td>Fifteen days' notice in writing of any call shall be given by the Company specifying the time and place of payment, and the person or persons to whom such call shall be paid.</td><td>Notice of Calls</td></tr><tr><td>37.</td><td>A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board of Directors authorising such call was passed and may be made payable by the members whose names appear on the Register of Members on such date or at the discretion of the Directors on such subsequent date as may be fixed by Directors.</td><td>Calls to date from resolution.</td></tr><tr><td>38.</td><td>Whenever any calls for further share capital are made on shares, such calls shall be made on uniform basis on all shares falling under the same class. For the purposes of this Article shares of the same nominal value of which different amounts have been paid up shall not be deemed to fall under the same class.</td><td>Calls on uniform basis.</td></tr><tr><td>39.</td><td>The Board may, from time to time, at its discretion, extend the time fixed for the payment of any call and may extend such time as to all or any of the members who on account of the residence at a distance or other cause, which the Board may deem fairly entitled to such extension, but no member shall be entitled to such extension save as a matter of grace and favour.</td><td>Directors may extend time.</td></tr></table>