For further details on the risks involved in our business plans and executing our business strategies, please see the chapter titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 32.

## PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF IMPLEMENTATION AND DEPLOYMENT OF NET PROCEEDS

The amount to be financed and deployed from Net Offer Proceeds are proposed to be used in the manner set out in the following table:

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Total Estimated Expenditure</th><th>Estimated Utilisation of Net Proceeds in FY 2025-26</th><th>Estimated Utilisation of Net Proceeds in FY 2026-27</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Capital Expenditure towards purchase of Machineries</td><td>266.09</td><td>266.09</td><td>--</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>To meet Working Capital Requirement.</td><td>3,500.00</td><td>1,300.00</td><td>2,200.00</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>General Corporate Purposes*</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

*To be finalized upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with RoC.

*General Corporate Purpose shall not exceed 15% of the Gross Issue Proceeds or 10 crores whichever is lesser in accordance with Regulation 230(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI ICDR Regulation (Amendment) Regulations, 2025.

*Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹ 800 Lakhs prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended (“SCRR”). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Issue. Prior to the completion of the Issue, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.

We intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects as disclosed in the table above, in accordance with the business needs of our Company. However, the actual funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds as described herein are based on various factors, such as, our current business plan, management estimates, current circumstances of our business, quotations received from vendors, timing of completion of the Offer, market conditions, our Board's analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition.

Depending on such factors, we may have to reduce, revise or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects, at the discretion of our management and in accordance with applicable laws. In the event that the estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled Fiscal is not completely met, including due to the reasons stated above, then it shall be utilized in the next Fiscal, as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. Our historical expenditure may not be reflective of our future expenditure plans.

The above fund requirements are based on our current business plan as approved by our Board of Directors pursuant to their resolution dated September 26, 2025, management estimates based on the prevailing market conditions, other commercial and technical factors including interest rates and other charges, quotations received from vendor, all of which are subject to change in the future. The proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds has not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or agency. These are based on current conditions and are subject to revisions in light of changes in costs, our financial condition, our business operations or growth strategy or external circumstances which may not be in our control. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds from time to time on account of various factors, such as financial and market conditions, business and strategy, competitive environment and interest or exchange rate fluctuations, increase in labour costs, logistics and transport costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, regulatory costs, environmental factors and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. For further information on factors that may affect our internal management estimates, see “Risk Factor No. 25, The objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution and we cannot assure you that the objects of the Offer will be achieved within the expected time frame, or at all, and any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval” on page 32.

In case of any increase in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the Objects, such additional funds for a particular activity will be met by way of means available to our Company, including internal accruals or borrowings. If the actual utilization towards any of the Objects is lower than the proposed deployment such balance will be used for future growth opportunities including funding existing objects, if required. In case of delays in raising funds from the Offer, our