OFFER STRUCTURE

This Offer is being made in terms of Regulation 229(2) of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time, whereby, our Company's post offer paid up capital more than ten crore rupees and upto Twenty-five crores. Our Company shall offer equity shares to the public and propose to list the same on the Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange Limited ("NSE or NSE Emerge"). For further details regarding the salient features and terms of such this offer, please refer to chapter titled "Terms of the Offer" and "Offer Procedure" beginning on page 259 and 273 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Initial Public Offer of upto 52,83,600 * Equity Shares of ₹10.00 each (the “Equity Shares”) for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (including a Share Premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share), aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs (“the Offer”) by the Issuer Company (the “Company”).

*Subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment

The Offer comprises a reservation of upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10.00 each fully paid for cash at price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (including a premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs for subscription by the designated Market Maker (Market Maker Reservation Portion) and a Net Offer to Public of upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10.00 each fully paid for cash at price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (including a premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs (the Net offer). The Offer and the Net Offer will constitute [●] % and [●] % respectively of the Post Offer Paid-up Equity Share Capital of the Company. The offer is being made through the Book Building Process.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹ 800 Lakhs prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended (“SCRR”). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Issue. Prior to the completion of the Issue, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Issue or the Issue may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars of the Offer (2)</td><td>Market Maker Reservation Portion</td><td>QIBs (1)</td><td>Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>Individual Investor (who applies for minimum application size)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for allocation</td><td>Upto [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Offer Size available for allocation</td><td>[●] % of the Offer Size</td><td>Not more than 50% of the Net Offer being available for allocation to QIB Bidders. However, up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion will be available for allocation proportionately to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining QIB Portion. The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion.</td><td>Not less than 15% of the Net Offer</td><td>Not less than 35% of the Net Offer</td></tr></tbody></table>

269