investors residing in Sikkim is subject to the Depositary Participant's verification of the veracity of such claims of the investors by collecting sufficient documentary evidence in support of their claims.

* Ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is duly completed as per instructions given in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and in the Bid cum Application Form;

### Bid / Offer Program:

<table><thead><tr><td>Event</td><td>Indicative Dates</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Bid / Offer Opening Date</td><td>[●]<sup>(1)</sup></td></tr><tr><td>Bid / Offer Closing Date</td><td>[●]<sup>(2)(3)</sup></td></tr><tr><td>Finalization of Basis of Allotment with the Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Initiation of Allotment / Refunds / Unblocking of Funds from ASBA Account or UPI ID linked bank account</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Credit of Equity Shares to Demat accounts of Allottees</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange</td><td>[●]</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Note:**

1. Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid / Offer Period shall be one Working Day prior to the Bid / Offer Opening Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

2. Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, consider closing the Bid/Offer Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/Offer Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

3. UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 pm IST on Bid/ Offer Closing Date, i.e. [●].

Pursuant to NSE circular no. 07/2025 dated June 18, 2025, bidding for all categories shall close at 4:00 PM & UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5.00 pm on Offer / Offer Closing Date

The above timetable is indicative and does not constitute any obligation on our Company or the Book Running Lead Manager. Whilst our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for the listing and the commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange are taken within 3 Working Days of the Bid / Offer Closing Date, the timetable may change due to various factors, such as extension of the Bid / Offer Period by our Company, revision of the Price Band or any delays in receiving the final listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchange. The Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares will be entirely at the discretion of the Stock Exchange and in accordance with the applicable laws. Bid Cum Application Forms and any revisions to the same will be accepted only between 10.00 A.M. to 5.00 P.M. (IST) during the Offer period (except for the Bid / Offer Closing Date). On the Bid / Offer Closing Date, the Bid Cum Application Forms will be accepted only between 10.00 A.M. to 3.00 P.M. (IST) for Individual Investor and non-Individual Bidders. The time for applying for Individual Applicant on Bid / Offer closing Date maybe extended in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, RTA and Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE or NSE Emerge”) taking into account the total number of applications received up to the closure of timings.

Due to the limitation of time available for uploading the Bid Cum Application Forms on the Bid / Offer Closing Date, Bidders are advised to submit their applications one (1) day prior to the Bid / Offer Closing Date and, in any case, not later than 3.00 P.M. (IST) on the Bid / Offer Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bid Cum Application Forms are received on the Bid / Offer Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public Offer, some Bid Cum Application Forms may not get uploaded due to the lack of sufficient time. Such Bid Cum Application Forms that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under this Offer. Applications will be accepted only on Working Days, i.e., Monday to Friday (excluding any public holidays). Neither our Company nor the Book Running Lead Manager is liable for any failure in uploading the Bid Cum Application Forms due to faults in any software / hardware system or otherwise. In accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Applicants are not allowed to withdraw or lower the size of their application (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Application amount) at any stage. Individual Applicants can revise or withdraw their Bid Cum Application Forms prior to the Bid / Offer Closing Date. Allocation to Individual Applicants, in this Offer will be on a proportionate basis. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Bid Cum Application Form, for a particular Applicant, the details as per the file received from Stock Exchange may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical or electronic Bid Cum Application Form, for a particular ASBA Applicant, the Registrar to the Offer shall ask the relevant SCSBs / RTAs / DPs / stockbrokers, as the case may be, for the rectified data.

### Submission of Application Forms:

<table><thead><tr><td colspan="2">Offer period (except the Offer Closing Date)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Submission and Revision of Application Form</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr></tbody></table>