<table><tr><td>DP/Depository Participant</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act</td></tr><tr><td>Draft Red Herring Prospectus</td><td>This Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated September 29, 2025 filed with the SME Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE or NSE Emerge") in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI</td><td>NRI eligible to invest under the FEMA Regulations, from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an application or invitation to participate in the Offer and in relation to whom the Application Form and the Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe for Equity Shares and who have opened dematerialized accounts with SEBI registered qualified depository participants.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible QFIs</td><td>QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Offer or invitation under the Offer and in relation to whom the Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity shares issued thereby and who have opened Demat accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary participants.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>Account(s) opened with the Banker(s) to the Offer pursuant to Escrow and Sponsor Bank Agreement.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow and Sponsor Bank Agreement</td><td>Agreement dated [●] entered amongst the Company, Book Running Lead Manager, the Registrar, the Banker to the Offer and Sponsor bank to receive monies from the Applicants through the SCSBs Bank Account on the Designated Date in the Public Issue Account.</td></tr><tr><td>FII / Foreign Institutional Investors</td><td>Foreign Institutional Investor (as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.</td></tr><tr><td>First / Sole Applicant</td><td>Applicant whose name shall be mentioned in the Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, at or above which the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price will be finalized and below which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors</td><td>Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>FPI/ Foreign Portfolio Investor</td><td>A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered pursuant to the of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, provided that any FII or QFI who holds a valid certificate of registration shall be deemed to be a foreign portfolio investor till the expiry of the block of three years for which fees have been paid as per the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1) (III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue</td><td>Fresh Issue of upto 52,83,600* Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10.00 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Shares (including premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Shares) aggregating ₹ [●] Lakhs, by our Company.<br/>*Subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive economic offender</td><td>Shall mean an individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018)</td></tr><tr><td>General Corporate Purposes</td><td>Include such identified purposes for which no specific amount is allocated or any amount specified towards general corporate purpose or any such purpose by whatever name called, in the offer document. Provided that any offer-related expenses shall not be considered as a part of general corporate purpose merely because no specific amount has been allocated for such expenses in the offer document.</td></tr><tr><td>General Information Document</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in accordance with the circular (CIR/CFD/DIL/12/2013) dated October 23, 2013, notified by SEBI and updated pursuant to the circular (CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015, the circular (CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2016) dated January 1, 2016 and (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26) dated January 21, 2016, circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated November 1, 2018, circular no. (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50) dated April 3, 2019, circular no. (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76) dated June 28, 2019, circular no. (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85) dated July 26, 2019 and circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133) dated November 8, 2019, issued by SEBI.</td></tr></table>