17. Significant increases in prices of, or shortages of, or disruption in supply of labour and raw materials;
18. Our ability to attract, retain and manage qualified personnel and skilled labour;
19. Our ability to make interest and principal payments on our existing debt obligations and satisfy the other covenants contained in our existing debt agreements.

For further discussions of factors that could cause our actual results to differ, please see the section titled "Risk Factors", chapters titled "Our Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" beginning on pages 32, 137 and 208 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially differ from those that have been estimated.

There can be no assurance to investors that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements and not to regard such statements to be a guarantee of our future performance.

Forward looking statements reflects views as of the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and not a guarantee of future performance. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially differ from those that have been estimated. Neither our Company / our Directors nor the Book Running Lead Manager, nor any of its affiliates have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition. In accordance with SEBI requirements, our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager will ensure that investors in India are informed of material developments until the listing and trading permission is granted by the Stock Exchange(s).