Any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares other than on a recognized stock exchange (where no STT has been paid), will also be subject to short term capital gains tax or long-term capital gains tax, at such rates as may be applicable under the Income Tax Act. Further, capital gains arising from the sale of our Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where an exemption is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is a resident, subject to certain conditions being met. Subject to any relief available under an applicable tax treaty or under the laws of their own jurisdictions, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of our Equity Shares. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors to understand their tax liability as per the laws prevailing on the date of disposal of Equity Shares.

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. The Finance Act, 2020, has, inter alia, amended the tax regime, including a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, that such dividends not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, and that such dividends are likely to be subject to tax deduction at source. Further, pursuant to the Finance Act 2024 II, any payment received by the shareholders from the Company pursuant to buyback of shares undertaken after October 1, 2024 on account of buy back of shares shall be taxable as dividend and no deduction from such dividend income shall be allowed.

Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. Further, we cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act 2024 II or any subsequent legislation would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals.

**67. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure.**

Our future ability to pay dividends will depend on our earnings, financial condition and the capital requirements of our company and of our subsidiaries and joint ventures. There can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient income to cover the operating expenses and pay dividends to the shareholders. Our ability to pay dividends will also depend on our expansion plans. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term, and the future dividend policy will depend on the capital requirements and financing arrangements for the business plans, financial condition and results of operations. For details of our dividend history, see “Dividend Policy” on page 205 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus

**68. Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial statements, prepared and presented in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.**

As stated in the reports of the Auditor included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus under chapter “Financial Statements as Restated” beginning on page 207 the financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on financial information that is based on the audited financial statements that are prepared and presented in conformity with Indian GAAP and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and no attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to any other principles or to base it on any other standards. Indian GAAP differs from accounting principles and auditing standards with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with Indian GAAP contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is dependent on familiarity with Indian GAAP, the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian GAAP on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited.

**69. We may not receive final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges, and you will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian Stock Exchange any of the Equity Shares you are allotted in the Offer.**

Under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we are permitted to list the Equity Shares within three working days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date. Consequently, the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer may not be credited to your dematerialized electronic account with Depository Participants until approximately three working days after the Bid/Offer Closing Date. You can start trading in the Equity Shares only after they have been credited to your dematerialized electronic account and final listing and trading approvals are received from Stock Exchanges.

Further, there can be no assurance that the Equity Shares allocated to you will be credited to your dematerialized electronic account, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence within the specified time periods. In addition, pursuant to