**35. A high employee attrition rate can significantly disrupt our business operations and hinder overall performance.**
Employee turnover can disrupt operations, hinder our ability to scale effectively, and undermine investor confidence. The departure of key personnel may result in the loss of critical knowledge, experience, and relationships that are integral to the company's success. This could lead to delays in product development, operational inefficiencies, and diminished performance, which may negatively affect our financial results and growth prospects. Additionally, a high turnover rate can elevate recruitment and training costs, diverting resources that could otherwise be invested in enhancing business operations. As we move forward with our IPO, ensuring stability within our workforce is crucial to maintaining strong market perception, meeting strategic goals, and driving long-term growth. The attrition rate of employees for FY 2025, FY 2024 and 2023 is 3.59%, 6.74% and 2.85% respectively.

**36. Our ability to grow our business depends on our relationships with our customers and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships, could negatively affect our business and results of operations.**
Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our customers which is determined by our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing customers as well as our ability to establish and maintain relationships with new customers. Our relationship with our customers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by introducing differentiated products with greater marketability, price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries, and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers.

In addition, failure to provide customers with sufficient inventories of our products may result in lesser sales of our products compared to the demand. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could affect their ability to maintain inventory and thus reduce demand for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our dealers, or the inability to develop new products for existing customers to successfully establish relationships with new customers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance.

**37. Significant security breaches in our computer systems and network infrastructure and fraud could adversely impact on our business.**
We seek to protect all the computer systems and network infrastructure in our offices from physical break-ins as well as security breaches and other disruptive problems. Computer break-ins and power disruptions could affect the security of information stored in and transmitted through these computer systems and networks. To address these issues and to minimise the risk of security breaches we employ security systems, including firewalls and intrusion detection systems, conduct periodic penetration testing for identification and assessment of potential vulnerabilities and, use encryption technology for transmitting and storing critical data such as passwords. However, these systems may not guarantee prevention of frauds, break-ins, damage and failure. A significant failure in security measures could have an adverse effect on our business, although no such event of similar nature has occurred in the past.

**38. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoters may be less than the Issue Price.**
The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoters, may be less than the Issue Price. The details of the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by the Promoters are set out as below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Name of the Promoter</td><td>Average Cost of Acquisition (₹) *</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mr. Shreyas Kantilal Patel</td><td>7.88</td></tr><tr><td>Mrs. Ushma Shreyas Patel</td><td>0.37</td></tr><tr><td>Mr. Rakesh Vital Rao Deore</td><td>0.37</td></tr><tr><td>Mr. Arjav Shreyas Patel</td><td>0.37</td></tr><tr><td>Ms. Kshama Anil Bhatnagar</td><td>0.37</td></tr></tbody></table>

As certified by S A N V Y & Associates, Chartered Accountants, pursuant to their certificate dated September 29, 2025.

* The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters have been calculated by considering the amount paid by them to acquire and Shares allotted to them as reduced by amount received on sale of shares i.e., net of sale consideration is divided by net quantity of shares acquired.

**39. Our success depends in large part upon our qualified personnel, including our senior management, directors and key personnel, and our ability to attract and retain them when necessary.**

Our operations are dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. While we believe that we currently have adequate qualified personnel, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. The loss of the services of our qualified personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting the qualified employees that our business requires. Furthermore, our senior management team is integral to the success