<table><tr><td></td><td>saved.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>55.</td><td>A declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director or Secretary of the Company and that shares in the Company have been duly forfeited in accordance with these articles on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the shares.</td><td>Evidence of Forfeiture.</td></tr><tr><td>56.</td><td>The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale, re-allotment or other disposition thereof and the person to whom such share is sold, re-allotted or disposed of may be registered as the holder of the share and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the consideration: if any, nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularly or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale, re-allotment or other disposal of the shares.</td><td>Title of purchaser and allottee of Forfeited shares.</td></tr><tr><td>57.</td><td>Upon any sale, re-allotment or other disposal under the provisions of the preceding Article, the certificate or certificates originally issued in respect of the relative shares shall (unless the same shall on demand by the Company have been previously surrendered to it by the defaulting member) stand cancelled and become null and void and of no effect, and the Directors shall be entitled to issue a duplicate certificate or certificates in respect of the said shares to the person or persons entitled thereto.</td><td>Cancellation of share certificate in respect of forfeited shares.</td></tr><tr><td>58.</td><td>In the meantime and until any share so forfeited shall be sold, re-allotted, or otherwise dealt with as aforesaid, the forfeiture thereof may, at the discretion and by a resolution of the Directors, be remitted as a matter of grace and favour, and not as was owing thereon to the Company at the time of forfeiture being declared with interest for the same unto the time of the actual payment thereof if the Directors shall think fit to receive the same, or on any other terms which the Director may deem reasonable.</td><td>Forfeiture may be remitted.</td></tr><tr><td>59.</td><td>Upon any sale after forfeiture or for enforcing a lien in purported exercise of the powers hereinbefore given, the Board may appoint some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold and cause the purchaser's name to be entered in the Register of Members in respect of the Shares sold, and the purchasers shall not be bound to see to the regularity of the proceedings or to the application of the purchase money, and after his name has been entered in the Register of Members in respect of such Shares, the validity of the sale shall not be impeached by any person and the remedy of any person aggrieved by the sale shall be in damages only and against the Company exclusively.</td><td>Validity of sale</td></tr><tr><td>60.</td><td>The Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Act, accept a surrender of any share from or by any Member desirous of surrendering on such terms the Directors may think fit.</td><td>Surrender of shares.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>61.</td><td>(a) The instrument of transfer of any share in or debenture of the Company shall be executed by or on behalf of both the transferor and transferee.<br/>(b) The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share or debenture until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members or Register of Debenture holders in respect thereof.</td><td>Execution of the instrument of shares.</td></tr><tr><td>62.</td><td>The instrument of transfer of any share or debenture shall be in writing and all the provisions of Section 56 and statutory modification thereof including other applicable provisions of the Act shall be duly complied with in respect of all transfers of shares or debenture and registration thereof.<br/>Provided that the company shall use a common form of transfer.</td><td>Transfer Form.</td></tr><tr><td>63.</td><td>The Company shall not register a transfer in the Company other than the transfer between persons both of whose names are entered as holders of beneficial interest in the records of a depository, unless a proper instrument of transfer duly stamped and executed by or on behalf of the transferor and by or on behalf of the transferee and specifying the name, address and occupation if any, of the transferee, has been delivered to the Company along with the certificate relating to the shares or if no such share certificate is in existence along with the letter of allotment of the shares: Provided that where, on an application in writing made to the Company by the transferee and bearing the stamp, required for an instrument of transfer, it is proved to the satisfaction of the Board of Directors that the instrument of transfer signed by or on behalf of the transferor and by or on behalf of the transferee has been lost, the Company may register the transfer on such terms as to indemnity as the Board may think fit, provided further that nothing in this Article shall prejudice any power of the Company to register as shareholder any person to whom the right to any shares in the Company has been transmitted by operation of law.</td><td>Transfer not to be registered except on production of instrument of transfer.</td></tr></table>

322