<table><tr><td>Dadra & Nagar Haveli</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>4.55</td><td>0.12</td><td>14.43</td><td>0.33</td></tr><tr><td>Export (2)</td><td>4805.26</td><td>63.61</td><td>1118.54</td><td>29.41</td><td>1428.14</td><td>32.67</td></tr><tr><td>USA</td><td>4684.00</td><td>62.00</td><td>116.55</td><td>3.06</td><td>1347.64</td><td>30.83</td></tr><tr><td>Czech Republic</td><td>121.26</td><td>1.61</td><td>1001.98</td><td>26.35</td><td>79.61</td><td>1.82</td></tr><tr><td>China</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>0.89</td><td>0.02</td></tr><tr><td>Total (1+2)</td><td>7554.76</td><td>100.00</td><td>3803.00</td><td>100.00</td><td>4371.21</td><td>100.00</td></tr></table>

9. The Restated Financial Statements have been provided by Peer Reviewed Chartered Accountants who is not Statutory Auditor of our Company.

The Restated Financial Statements of our Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, have been certified by S A N V Y & Associates, Chartered Accountants, who are Peer Reviewed firm and the Statutory Auditors of our Company for the year ended March 31, 2025. The Financial Statements of our Company for the year ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, have been audited by Patil Hiran Jajoo & Co who were Statutory auditors of the company.

10. There have been certain instances of delays in payment of Employee State Insurance Contributions, Employee Provident Fund Contributions and other statutory dues by our Company in the Financial Year ended 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Our Company, in the regular course of its operations, is required to pay the employee state insurance contributions, employee provident fund contributions and other statutory dues including the income tax payments, tax deductions at source, goods and services tax. However, there have been certain instances of delays in the past in payments of statutory & regulatory dues. The Company's inability to make timely payment of our statutory dues could require us to pay interest and penalty.

Except as set forth below, there have been no delays in depositing undisputed dues, including contribution towards provident fund, employees' state insurance, income tax, cess, goods and services tax and other material statutory dues applicable to our Company for FY 2025, 2024 and 2023:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Particulars</th><th colspan="5">No. of instances of delays</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">Monthly</th><th colspan="2">Quarterly</th></tr><tr><th>EPF</th><th>ESIC</th><th>GST</th><th>TDS</th><th>TCS</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Financial Year 2024-25</td><td>1</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Financial Year 2023-24</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Financial Year 2022-23</td><td>1</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></tbody></table>

The above delays require payment of interest or fees as per the governing law applicable to such delays. However, the delays were not material/major, and accordingly, all applicable interest and fees have been duly paid. The status of the same is closed, and there is no requirement for any regularization or compounding.

We cannot assure you that going forward we will be able to make payment of our statutory dues in a timely manner or at all, which could result in penal or other regulatory action including payment of interest on the delay in payment of statutory dues, which could adversely affect our business and our results of operations and financial condition.

Additionally, we have strengthened our internal compliance system by introducing the 'Maker Checker' System and have undertaken steps to update the internal database with latest circulars and amendments to ensure future compliance. In the event the Company fails to submit the requisite disclosures to the regulators in the future, then the Company may be penalised by the regulators and the same may affect our results of operations.

11. Our Promoter and Directors play key role in our functioning, and we heavily rely on their knowledge and experience in operating our business and therefore, it is critical for our business that our Promoter and Directors remain associated with us.

Our success is significantly influenced by the expertise and services of our key managerial personnel. The ability to attract and retain such individuals is crucial to our operations. We benefit from the longstanding involvement of our Promoters and Directors, i.e. Mr. Shreyas Kantilal Patel and Mr. Rakesh Vithalrao Deorwewho have played a pivotal role in the growth and strategic direction of our business. Since the inception of the Company, our Promoters and Directors have been actively engaged in day-to-day operations and management. Consequently, our performance is heavily reliant on their continued involvement. If our Promoter and Directors unable or unwilling to continue in their roles, it may be challenging or difficult to find suitable replacements.