**51. There are no alternate arrangements for meeting our requirements for the Objects of the Issue. Any shortfall in raising / meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and financial performance.**

As on date, we have not put in place any alternative arrangements to meet the capital requirements for the Objects of the Issue. At present, we finance our working capital needs through our own funds and internal accruals. Any insufficiency in these sources, or our inability to secure external debt in the future, may hinder our ability to meet working capital requirements, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and operational performance. Furthermore, we have not identified any alternate source of funding. Therefore, any failure or delay in raising funds through this Issue, or any shortfall in the Issue Proceeds, could delay the implementation schedule and adversely affect our planned growth initiatives. For further details, please refer chapter titled “Objects of the Offer” on page 91 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**52. Our actual Results May Differ from Estimates and Projections Used in Our Financial Statements.**

The estimates and projections included in our financial statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, and interpretations of historical trends, prevailing market conditions, and other relevant factors that we consider reasonable under the circumstances. However, there can be no assurance that these assumptions or projections—particularly those relating to our future earnings and performance—will prove to be accurate. As such, our actual results may differ materially from those reflected in such estimates and projections.

**53. Guarantees from the Promoter & Director as well as others have been taken in relation to the debt facilities provided to us.**

In the event of default of the debt obligations, the personal guarantees may be invoked thereby adversely affecting our Promoter's and Director's ability to manage the affairs of our Company and our Company's profitability and consequently, this may impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Our Company has availed loans in business. Our Promoters and Directors has provided a personal guarantee in relation to certain loans availed by our Company. In the event of default in repayment of the loans by the Company, the personal guarantee extended by our Promoters and Directors may be invoked by our lenders thereby adversely affecting our Promoter's ability to manage the affairs of our Company and this, in turn, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For more information, please see the chapter titled “Statement of Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 233 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**54. Any future acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships, strategic alliances, tie-ups or investments could fail to achieve expected synergies and may disrupt our business and harm the results of operations and our financial condition.**

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. We have, in the past, explored and continue to explore opportunities on our own, through collaborations, tie-ups, strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures across the country and regions of focus. In some circumstances, we may also decide to acquire, or invest in, complementary technologies instead of internal development. While we are currently evaluating opportunities and negotiating with several potential partners, we have not entered into any definitive agreements. The risks we face in connection with acquisitions may include integration of product and service offerings, co-ordination of R&D and marketing functions and the diversion of management's time and focus from operating our business to addressing challenges pertaining to acquisition and integration. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our acquisitions and investments could result in our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.

**55. Our future funds requirements, in the form of fresh issue of capital or securities and/or loans taken by us, may be prejudicial to the interest of the shareholders depending upon the terms on which they are eventually raised.**

We may require additional capital from time to time depending on our business needs. Any fresh issue of shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing shareholders, and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favorable to the then existing shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt, then it may substantially increase our interest burden and decrease our cash flows, thus prejudicially affecting our profitability and ability to pay dividends to our shareholders.

**56. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from publicly available industry reports and/or websites. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate.**

We have relied on the information from various publicly available industry reports and/or websites for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.