# SECTION XI: OFFER RELATED INFORMATION

## TERMS OF THE OFFER

The Equity Shares being Issued are subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, SCRA, SCRR, SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Red Herring Prospectus, Prospectus, Application Form, any Confirmation of Allocation Note (“CAN”), the Revision Form, Allotment advices, and other terms and conditions as may be incorporated in the Allotment advices and other documents / certificates that may be executed in respect of the Offer. The Equity Shares shall also be subject to all applicable laws, guidelines, rules, notifications and regulations relating to the offer of capital and listing and trading of securities issued from time to time by SEBI, the Government Of India, the Stock Exchange, the Registrar of Companies, the RBI and / or other authorities, as in force on the date of the Offer and to the extent applicable or such other conditions as may be prescribed by SEBI, RBI, the Government Of India, the Stock Exchange, the Registrar of Companies and / or any other authorities while granting its approval for the Offer.

Please note that, in terms of Regulation 256 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations 2018 read with SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015, all the investors applying in a public offer shall use only Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) process for application providing details of the bank account which will be blocked by the Self-Certified Syndicate Banks (SCSBs) for the same. Further, SEBI through its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, (together, the “UPI Circular”) in relation to clarifications on streamlining the process of public Offer of equity shares and convertibles it has proposed to introduce an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. Currently, for application by Individual Investors through Designated Intermediaries, the existing process of physical movement of forms from Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds is discontinued and Individual Investors submitting their Application Forms through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can only use the UPI mechanism with existing timeline of T+6 days until March 31, 2020 (“UPI Phase II”). Further SEBI through its circular no SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020 has decided to continue with the Phase II of the UPI ASBA till further notice. However, due to the outbreak of COVID19 pandemic, UPI Phase II has been further extended by SEBI until further notice, by its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020. Thereafter, vide SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023, Phase III has been notified, and accordingly the revised timeline of T+3 days (i.e., the time duration from public offer closure to listing of be 3 Working Days) has been made applicable in two phases i.e., (i) voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023; and (ii) mandatory on or after December 1, 2023 (“UPI Phase III”). Accordingly, the Offer will be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures under UPI Phase III, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time. Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 read with circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 and SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 has introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances.

Further vide the said circular Registrar to the Offer and Depository Participants have been also authorized to collect the Application forms. Investor may visit the official website of the concerned for any information on operationalization of this facility of form collection by the Registrar to the Offer and Depository Participants as and when the same is made available.

## AUTHORITY FOR THE PRESENT OFFER

This Public Offer has been authorized by a resolution of our Board of Directors passed at their meeting held on August 20, 2025 subject to the approval of shareholders through a special resolution to be passed pursuant to Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 at the General Meeting. The shareholders have authorized the Offer by a Special Resolution in accordance with Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 passed at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of our Company held on August 25, 2025.

## RANKING OF EQUITY SHARES

The Equity Shares being issued shall be subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, and our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares of our Company including rights in respect of dividends and other corporate benefits, if any, declared by us after the date of Allotment. The Allottees, upon Allotment of Equity Shares under this Offer, will be entitled to receive dividends and