<table><tr><td>Employee Benefit Cost (8)</td><td>231.88</td><td>221.25</td><td>-</td><td>231.88</td><td>221.48</td><td>37.34</td></tr><tr><td>Average No of Employees (Nos.) (9)</td><td>13</td><td>12</td><td>-</td><td>13</td><td>12</td><td>16</td></tr><tr><td>Average Annual Manpower Cost (10=8/9)</td><td>17.84</td><td>18.44</td><td>-</td><td>17.84</td><td>18.46</td><td>2.33</td></tr></table>

As certified by M/s SANVY & Associates, pursuant to their certificate dated September 29, 2025.

Notes:

(a) Based on the Restated Financial Information for Financial year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. See "Restated Financial Information" on page 187

(b) Based on the Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, which have been prepared on a combined basis from the audited financial statements of the Shreyas Engineers Proprietorship Concern and our Restated Financial Information. This combined financial information is not financial information of our Company. See "Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements" on page 207. See also "Risk Factors No 16 – Our Special Purpose Combined Financial Statements and Operating Data may not be representative of our results as an independent company" See "Risk Factors" on page 32

(1) Revenue from Operations means the Revenue from Operations as appearing in the Restated Financial Statements

(2) Number of Customers during respective year/period.

(3) Average Revenue from operations per customer arrived by dividing Revenue from Operations with Total number of customers during respective year/period.

(4) Number of Repetitive Customers include total number of customers who have been involved in a transaction with the company in the previous year as well as current year.

(5) Employee Benefit Cost includes Salary, Wages & Bonus, Gratuity Expense, Contribution to provident & other fund, Director Remuneration and Staff Welfare Expense as appearing in the Restated Financial Statements.

(6) Average Annual Manpower refers to the average number of employees engaged by the company during a given year/period. It is calculated by summing the number of employees during each month for the respective year/period divided by Total number of months during the year/period.

(7) Average Manpower Cost is calculated by dividing Employee benefit cost by Average number of manpower during respective year/period.

Explanations for KPI Metrics

<table><thead><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Explanation</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue from Operation</td><td>Revenue from Operations is used by our management to track the revenue profile of the business and in turn helps to assess the overall financial performance of our Company and volume of our business in key verticals</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA</td><td>EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin (%)</td><td>EBITDA Margin (%) is an indicator of the operational profitability and financial performance of our business</td></tr><tr><td>PAT</td><td>Profit after tax provides information regarding the overall profitability of the business</td></tr><tr><td>PAT Margin (%)</td><td>PAT Margin (%) is an indicator of the overall profitability and financial performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Worth</td><td>Net worth is used by the management to ascertain the total value created by the entity and provides a snapshot of current financial position of the entity.</td></tr><tr><td>RoE (%)</td><td>RoE provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from Shareholders' Funds</td></tr><tr><td>ROCE (%)</td><td>ROCE provides how efficiently our Company generates earnings from the capital employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Number of Customers (Nos.)</td><td>Number of customers represents the number of persons who bought from our Company during the period.</td></tr><tr><td>Average Revenue from operations per customer</td><td>Average revenue is used to analyse the average revenue generated by the company from each customer during particular year/period.</td></tr><tr><td>No. of repetitive customers (Nos.)</td><td>Number of repetitive customers are those customers who bought from our Company in the previous as well as current year.</td></tr><tr><td>Employee Benefit Cost</td><td>Employee benefit cost helps to track down the overall expenditure made by the company towards manpower employed during particular year/period.</td></tr><tr><td>Average No of Employees (Nos.)</td><td>Average No. of Employees provides the analysis of average headcounts of employees employed by the company throughout the year to generate the revenue.</td></tr><tr><td>Average Annual Manpower Cost</td><td>Average manpower cost helps to analyse the average cost incurred by the company for each employee during particular year/period</td></tr></tbody></table>