<table><tr><td></td><td>The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the Book Running Lead Manager.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>The gross proceeds of the Fresh Issue that will be available to our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investor Portion</td><td>The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Investors (IIs)/ Individual Bidders (IBs)</td><td>Individual investors (including HUFs applying through their Karta and Eligible NRI Bidders) who applied or bid for the 2 lots with minimum application size of above ₹ 2,00,000.</td></tr><tr><td>Issue Agreement</td><td>The agreement dated [●] entered into between our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed to in relation to the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Listing Agreement</td><td>Unless the context specifies otherwise, this means the Equity Listing Agreement to be signed between our Company and the Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Lot Size</td><td>The Market lot and Trading lot for the Equity Share is [●] and in multiples of [●] thereafter; subject to a minimum allotment of [●] Equity Shares to the successful applicants.</td></tr><tr><td>Market Maker Reservation Portion</td><td>[●] Equity Shares of ₹10.00 each at ₹ [●] per Equity Share (including premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakh reserved for subscription by the Market Maker, [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Market Making Agreement</td><td>Market Making Agreement dated [●], between our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager, Gretex Corporate Services Limited and [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum Promoters' Contribution (MPC)</td><td>Pursuant to the Regulation 236 and 238 of SEBI ICDR Regulations and amendments thereto, an aggregate of at least 20% of the post Offer Equity Share capital of our Company held by our Promoters shall be locked-in for a period of three years from the date of Allotment in this Offer and the Promoters' shareholding in excess of 20% of the post Offer Equity Share capital of our Company shall be locked in as per Regulation 238(b) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI ICDR (Amendment) Regulations, 2025.<br>Lock-in on promoters holding held in excess of minimum promoter contribution (MPC) to be released in phased manner i.e. lock-in for 50% promoters' holding in excess of MPC shall be released after 2 years from the date of allotment in initial public offer and lock-in for remaining 50% promoters' holding in excess of MPC shall be released after 1 year from the date of allotment in initial public offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Mobile App(s)</td><td>The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognise dFpi=yes&intmId=40 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by RIIs to submit Applications using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund</td><td>A Mutual Fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>5% of the Net QIB Portion, or [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price</td></tr><tr><td>Net offer</td><td>The Offer excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion of upto [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10.00 each fully paid up for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (including premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating ₹ [●] Lakh by our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>Proceeds of the Offer that will be available to our Company, which shall be the gross proceeds of the Offer less the Offer expenses. Refer in "Object of the Offer" page 82 of this Draft red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Investors / NIIs</td><td>All Applicants, including Category III FPIs, are not QIBs or Individual Investors who have made Application for Equity Shares for an amount of more than ₹ 2.00 Lakh (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion/ Non-Institutional Category</td><td>The portion of the Offer being not less than 15% of the Offer, consisting of [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Investors, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price in the following manner:<br>a) one third of the portion available to non-institutional investors shall be reserved</td></tr></table>

8