For UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism, the Stock Exchanges shall share the Bid details (including UPI ID) with the Sponsor Bank on a continuous basis to enable the Sponsor Bank to initiate UPI Mandate Request to UPI Bidders for blocking of funds. The Sponsor Bank shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to UPI Bidders, who shall accept the UPI Mandate Request for blocking of funds on their respective mobile applications associated with UPI ID linked bank account. In accordance with NSE Circular No: NSE/IPO/68604 dated June 18, 2025, for all pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Bank shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid / Offer Closing Date ("Cut-Off Time"). Accordingly, UPI Bidders should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking off funds prior to the Cut- off Time and all pending UPI Mandate Requests at the Cut-Off Time shall lapse. Further, modification of Bids shall be allowed in parallel during the Bid / Offer Period until the Cut-Off Time. The NPCI shall maintain an audit trail for every bid entered in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform, and the liability to compensate UPI Bidders (using the UPI Mechanism) in case of failed transactions shall be with the concerned entity (i.e., the Sponsor Bank, NPCI or the bankers to an Offer) at whose end the lifecycle of the transaction has come to a halt. The NPCI shall share the audit trail of all disputed transactions / investor complaints to the Sponsor Bank and the Bankers to the Offer. The Book Running Lead Managers shall also be required to obtain the audit trail from the Sponsor Bank and the Bankers to the Offer for analysing the same and fixing liability.

The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the SCSBs only after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with the UPI Circulars.

The Sponsor Bank(s) will undertake a reconciliation of Bid responses received from Stock Exchange and sent to NPCI and will also ensure that all the responses received from NPCI are sent to the Stock Exchange platform with detailed error code and description, if any. Further, the Sponsor Bank(s) will undertake reconciliation of all Bid requests and responses throughout their lifecycle on daily basis and share reports with the BRLMs in the format and within the timelines as specified under the UPI Circulars. Sponsor Bank(s) and issuer banks shall download UPI settlement files and raw data files from the NPCI portal after every settlement cycle and do a three-way reconciliation with UPI switch data, CBS data and UPI raw data. NPCI is to coordinate with issuer banks and Sponsor Bank(s) on a continuous basis.

The Sponsor Bank(s) shall host a web portal for intermediaries (closed user group) from the date of Bid/Issue Opening Date until the date of listing of the Equity Shares with details of statistics of mandate blocks/unblocks, performance of apps and UPI handles, down-time/network latency (if any) across intermediaries and any such processes having an impact/bearing on the Issue Bidding process.

## ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS

a) The Designated Intermediary may register the Bids using the on-line facilities of the Stock Exchanges. The Designated Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-line electronic registration of Applications, subject to the condition that they may subsequently upload the off-line data file into the on-line facilities for Issue on a regular basis before the closure of the issue.

b) On the Bid/ Issue closing Date, the Designated Intermediaries may upload the Bids till such time as may be permitted by the Stock Exchanges and as disclosed in the Prospectus.

c) Only Bids that are uploaded on the Stock Exchanges Platform are considered for allocation/Allotment. The Designated Intermediaries are given till 1:00 pm on the next working day following the Bid/ Closing Date to modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Issue period after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the Application information to the Registrar to the issue for further processing.

An Investor, intending to subscribe to this Offer, shall submit a completed Bid Cum Application Form to any of the following intermediaries (Collectively called – “Designated Intermediaries”):

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Designated Intermediaries</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>An SCSB, with whom the bank account to be blocked, is maintained</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>A syndicate member (or sub-syndicate member)</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>A stockbroker registered with a recognized stock exchange (and whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity) ('broker')</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>A depository participant ('DP') (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity)</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>A registrar to an issue and share transfer agent ('RTA') (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for this activity)</td></tr></tbody></table>

Individual investors submitting application with any of the entities at (ii) to (v) above (hereinafter referred as "Intermediaries"), and intending to use UPI, shall also enter their UPI ID in the Bid Cum Application Form.