<table><tr><td>Anchor Investor Portion</td><td>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor(s)</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹ 200.00 Lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>Applicant / Investor</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes an application pursuant to the terms of the Prospectus and the Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Application</td><td>An indication to make an application during the Offer Period by an Applicant, pursuant to submission of Application Form, to subscribe for or purchase our Equity Shares at the Offer Price including all revisions and modifications thereto, to the extent permissible under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Amount</td><td>The amount at which the Applicant makes an application for the Equity Shares of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Application Supported by Blocked Amount / ASBA</td><td>An application whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Applicant to make an application authorizing an SCSB to block the Application Amount in the specified Bank Account maintained with such SCSB and will include amounts blocked by RIIs using the UPI mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Account</td><td>A bank account maintained with an SCSB and specified in the Application Form submitted by the Applicants or the account of the RII Applicants blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by RIIs using the UPI mechanism, to the extent of the Application Amount specified by the Applicant.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Applicant(s)</td><td>Any prospective investors in the Offer who intend to submit the Application through the ASBA process.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Application / Application</td><td>An application form, whether physical or electronic, is used by ASBA Applicants which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>ASBA Application Location(s)</td><td>Locations at which ASBA Applications can be uploaded by the SCSBs.</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to the Company</td><td>Such banks which are disclosed as Bankers to our Company in the chapter titled "General Information" on page 67 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, in this case HDFC Bank Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to the Offer / Refund Banker</td><td>The banks which are Clearing Members and registered with SEBI as Banker to an Offer with whom the Escrow Agreement is entered and in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Bankers to the Offer Agreement</td><td>Bank which is a clearing member and registered with SEBI as Banker to the Offer and with whom the Public Issue Account will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment</td><td>The basis on which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Applicants under the Offer, described in "Offer procedure" on page 273 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid</td><td>An indication to make an offer during the Bid/ Offer Period by a Bidder (other than an Anchor Investor) pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bid/ Offer Period by an Anchor Investor, pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form. The term "Bidding" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Amount</td><td>The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and in the case of Individual Bidders, who applies for issue, Bidding at Cut Off Price, the Cap Price multiplied by the number of Equity Shares Bid for by such Individual Bidder and mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and payable by the Individual Bidder or blocked in the ASBA Account upon submission of the Bid in the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid cum Application Form</td><td>The form in terms of which the Bidder has made a Bid, including ASBA Form, and which has been considered as the application for the Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Lot</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] equity shares thereafter.</td></tr></table>