## OUR BUSINESS

Some of the information in this section, including information with respect to our business plans and strategies, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 30 for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to those statements and also the sections “Risk Factors”, “Industry Overview”, “Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 32, 146, 269 and 352, respectively, as well as financial and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as a whole, for a discussion of certain factors that may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.

Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” on page 269. Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year.

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Industry Report on PU Foam, Mattress, Home Comfort Accessories and Furniture Market in India” dated October 13, 2025 (the “TKC Report”) prepared and issued by The Knowledge Company LLP, pursuant to an engagement letter dated July 14, 2025. The TKC Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. The data included herein includes excerpts from the TKC Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. A copy of the TKC Report is available on the website of our Company at https://www.duroflexworld.com/pages/investors-relations. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the TKC Report and included herein with respect to any particular calendar year/Fiscal refers to such information for the relevant calendar year/Fiscal. For further information, see “Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the TKC Report which is a paid report and commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks” on page 59. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 29.

### Overview

We are a provider of sleep and comfort solutions in India, with a diversified omni-channel distribution network. Our business has a continuing legacy of over 60 years, with our predecessor entity having been established in 1963. We manufacture a wide range of products, including foam, mattresses, sofas, recliners, beds, pillows, accessories and other furnishings. According to the TKC Report, we are among the top three largest mattress companies in India, with 8% branded modern mattress market share by value for Fiscal 2025. In South India, which has traditionally been our largest geographic market, we are among the top two players in the branded modern mattress segment with a market share of approximately 20% for Fiscal 2025. In addition, our revenue has grown at a CAGR of 21.81% from Fiscal 2020 to Fiscal 2025, in line with our listed mattress and home furnishing peer companies. Further, for Fiscal 2025, we have the highest profit after tax margins and ROCE among our listed mattress and home furnishing peer companies with revenue greater than ₹ 5,000 million. (Source: TKC Report).

We have technology enabled and vertically integrated manufacturing operations, with seven manufacturing facilities located across India and the ability to produce all of our required foam, which is the primary raw material for mattresses and sofas, in-house. Further, we have a significant presence across all distribution channels (and our network covers 73 COCO Stores, 375 distributors reaching 5,576 general trade stores and major e-commerce platforms, each as of June 30, 2025). According to the TKC Report, we were the first established brand in the mattress and furniture industry to launch an online D2C brand to specifically target mattresses for the online distribution channel, launching our Sleepyhead brand in 2017. Taken together, our vertically integrated manufacturing operations and diversified omni-channel distribution network provide us with a significant competitive advantage.

We have developed a ‘house of brands’ architecture in the sleep and comfort solutions space, with each brand catering to different customer segments, allowing us to capture the full spectrum of mattress customers in India: