# OFFER DOCUMENT SUMMARY

The following is a general summary of certain disclosures and the terms of the Offer and is not exhaustive, nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or all details relevant to prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including “Risk Factors”, “The Offer”, “Capital Structure”, “Objects of the Offer”, “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Our Promoters and Promoter Group”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Information”, “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”, “Offer Procedure” and “Description of Equity Shares and Terms of the Articles of Association” on pages 32, 69, 85, 116, 146, 185, 264, 269, 390, 432 and 453, respectively.

## Summary of the primary business of our Company

We are a provider of sleep and comfort solutions in India, with a diversified omni-channel distribution network. We manufacture a wide range of products, including foam, mattresses, sofas, recliners, beds, pillows, accessories and other furnishings. We have technology enabled and vertically integrated manufacturing operations, with seven manufacturing facilities located across India and the ability to produce all of our mattresses and foam in-house. We have developed a ‘house of brands’ architecture in the sleep and comfort solutions space, with each brand catering to different customer segments, allowing us to capture the full spectrum of mattress customers in India.

For further details, see “Our Business” on page 185.

## Summary of the industry in which our Company operates

In Fiscal 2025, India's PU foam market is estimated at approximately ₹198.00 billion, growing from ₹122.00 billion in Fiscal 2020. The market is projected to reach ₹366.00 billion by Fiscal 2030. The Indian mattress market has evolved from a fragmented, traditional sector dominated by cotton and coir mattresses to a dynamic, innovation-driven industry with diverse products. The modern mattress market has grown at a CAGR of approximately 8.6% from ₹108 billion in Fiscal 2020 to ₹163 billion in Fiscal 2025 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 10.7% till Fiscal 2030 to reach ₹271 billion.

For further information, see “Industry Overview” on page 146.

## Our Promoters

Our Promoters are Jacob Joseph George, Mathew Chandy, Mathew George and Mathew Antony Joseph. For further details, see “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” on page 264.

## Offer Size

The details of the Offer are set out below:

<table><tr><td>Offer<sup>(1)(2)(3)</sup></td><td>Up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[•] million</td></tr><tr><td>of which:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(i) Fresh Issue<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>Up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹1,836.00 million</td></tr><tr><td>(ii) Offer for Sale<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>Up to 22,564,569 Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[•] million</td></tr><tr><td>The Offer comprises:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Employee Reservation Portion<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>Up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[•] million</td></tr><tr><td>Net Offer</td><td>Up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[•] million</td></tr></table>

(1) The Offer has been authorised by our Board pursuant to the resolution passed at its meeting dated October 11, 2025, and the Fresh Issue has been approved by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed at their extraordinary general meeting dated October 11, 2025.

(2) Each of the Selling Shareholders, severally and jointly, confirms that it is eligible to participate in the Offer for Sale in accordance with Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Each of the Selling Shareholders, severally and not jointly, confirms that its respective portion of the Offered Shares will be offered for sale in the Offer in accordance with Regulation 8A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, to the extent applicable to such Selling Shareholder, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Board has taken on record the consents of each of the Selling Shareholders to participate in the Offer for Sale, pursuant to its resolution dated October 15, 2025. For details on the authorisation and consent of each of the Selling Shareholders in relation to the Offered Shares, see “The Offer” and “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” on pages 69 and 408 respectively.

(3) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider Pre-IPO Placement aggregating up to ₹367.20 million, as may be permitted under the applicable law, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the allotment of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the general corporate purposes portion of the Objects of the Offer, unless auditor certified disclosures are made with regards to its utilization towards the disclosed specific Objects of the Offer. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer, or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(4) The Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed 5% of our post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital. In the event of under-subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion (if any), the unsubscribed portion will be available for allocation and Allotment, proportionately to all Eligible Employees who have