products less competitive in the market, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

**10. Any failure in our quality control processes or if the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

While we have internal quality standards and our quality control teams perform quality control processes for raw materials and the final products before they are dispatched to our customers, our products may contain quality issues or undetected errors or defects. For further information, see “*Our Business - Business Operations—Key Manufacturing Processes—Quality Assurance and Quality Control*” on page 219. In particular, advanced sleep tech and furnishings products such as Neuma, Wave Kinect and motorized recliners expose us to risks related to product malfunctions, and customer injuries, which necessitate stringent quality control processes to ensure product reliability. We cannot assure you that our quality standards will be adhered to, and if they are not, that our quality control processes and inspections will accurately detect all deficiencies in the quality of our products at all times, before such products reach the customers. We have, from time to time, due to quality defects, replaced or accepted returns of products sold to our customers in accordance with our replacements and returns policy. In the event the quality of our products is not in accordance with our standards or our products are defective, our customers may return our products, we may be required to recall or replace such products at additional cost to us and our reputation may be impacted. We recognize our revenue on a net basis, taking into account sales returns and rebates and discounts from the contracted sales price.

Also, see “- *We provide product warranties and, if our product warranty obligations are significantly in excess of our warranty provisions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.*” on page 57.

In addition, material quality issues can expose us to product liability claims in the event that our products fail to meet the required quality standards, or are alleged to cause harm to customers. We face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought against us by our customers, for various reasons including for defective products sold. We have not been subject to any legal proceedings in relation to the product liability claims in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and the last three Fiscals which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will not experience any product liability claims in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. Product liability claims, successful or otherwise, may adversely affect our reputation, brand image and sales. Our inability to avoid or defend product liability claims may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.

**11. Our Registered Office, Corporate Office, COCO Stores, warehouses and certain of our manufacturing facilities and warehouses and offices are not located on land owned by us and we have only leasehold rights. In the event we lose or are unable to renew such leasehold rights, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected.**

Our Registered Office, Corporate Office, COCO Stores, warehouses and some of our manufacturing facilities are not located on land owned by us. The table below sets out the details of our Registered Office, Corporate Office and certain of our manufacturing facilities as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Purpose</td><td>Address</td><td>Nature of the agreement</td><td>Date of expiry of agreement</td><td>Whether the Lessor is a related party</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Registered Office</td><td>P. B. No. 3808, Chungom, Alappuzha, Ambalappuzha 688 011, Kerala, India</td><td>Lease deed</td><td>March 1, 2026</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Corporate Office</td><td>30/6, HSR Layout, Vide CMC Khatha No., 268/18/11 Sector 6, Hosur Main Road, Bangalore, India, 560068, Karnataka, India</td><td>Lease deed</td><td>February 15, 2028</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Manufacturing Facility IV</td><td>Survey No. 582, Rampally (V), Keesara (M), Medchal, Malkajgiri District, Hyderabad, Telangana</td><td>Lease deed</td><td>December 31, 2026</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Manufacturing Facility VI</td><td>Manufacturing facility operated by Shivaarna at Survey No. 9/1/2, 9/1/3 and 10/2 Baroda Village, Arjun Parwari Halka Peerkardiya Kshipra, Sanwer Tehsil, Indore, Madhya Pradesh</td><td>Lease deed</td><td>June 30, 2028</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Manufacturing Facility VII</td><td>Survey No. 766, Avigna Industrial Park, Kelamangalam, Denkanikottai Taluk, Krishnagiri District, Tamil Nadu, India</td><td>Lease deed</td><td>February 20, 2037</td><td>No</td></tr></tbody></table>

The land where our Registered Office is located is held on land that is leased from Vazhathoppil Enterprises Private Limited, which is our Group Company and a related party of our Company. The termination of our lease agreements, or our failure to renew such agreements, on favourable conditions and in a timely manner, or at all, could require us to vacate such premises at short notice, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While we