OFFER PROCEDURE

All Bidders should read the General Information Document which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, the SCRR and the SEBI ICDR Regulations which is part of the Abridged Prospectus accompanying the Bid cum Application Form. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLMs. Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document which are applicable to the Offer, including in relation to the process for Bids by UPI Bidders through the UPI Mechanism. The Bidders should note that the details and process provided in the General Information Document should be read along with this section.

Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information in relation to (i) category of Bidders eligible to participate in the Offer; (ii) maximum and minimum Bid size; (iii) price discovery and allocation; (iv) payment instructions for ASBA Bidders/Applicants; (v) issuance of CAN and Allotment in the Offer; (vi) general instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Bid cum Application Form); (vii) submission of Bid cum Application Form; (viii) other instructions (limited to joint bids in cases of individual, multiple bids and instances when an application would be rejected on technical grounds); (ix) applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious applications; (x) mode of making refunds; (xi) Designated Date; (xii) disposal of applications; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in allotment or refund.

SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018, read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface ("UPI") and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIBs applying through Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. ("UPI Phase I"). The UPI Phase I was effective until June 30, 2019.

With effect from July 1, 2019, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, read with circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 with respect to Bids by UPI Bidders through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), the existing process of physical movement of forms from such Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism for such Bids with existing timeline of T+6 days was mandated for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later ("UPI Phase II"). Subsequently, however, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, had extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II until further notice. The final reduced timeline of T+3 days for the UPI Mechanism for applications by UPI Bidders ("UPI Phase III") and modalities of the implementation of UPI Phase III was notified by SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 and made effective on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 1, 2023.

The Offer will be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures under UPI Phase III, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time. Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022, had introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances. Subsequently, SEBI vide the SEBI RTA Master Circular, consolidated and rescinded the aforementioned circulars to the extent relevant for RTAs. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual bidders in initial public offerings whose application sizes are up to ₹0.50 million shall use the UPI Mechanism. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 (to the extent this circular is not rescinded), and SEBI Master Circular, applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings shall be processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of Bidders (all categories). These circulars are effective to the extent not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular for initial public offers opening on/or after May 1, 2021, and the provisions of these circulars, as amended, are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

In terms of Regulation 23(5) and Regulation 52 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the timelines and processes mentioned in SEBI RTA Master Circular, shall continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and BRLMs shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process.

SEBI pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Master Circular has introduced the disclosure of audiovisual presentation of disclosures made in offer documents. Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, investors are advised not to rely on any other document, content or information provided in respect to the public issue on the internet/online websites/social media platforms/micro-blogging platforms by finfluencers. Further, investors are advised to rely only on the information contained in the offer document and price band advertisement for making investment decision.