*   **Branded foam:** We manufacture polyurethane foam, under the following sub-categories: cushioning foams (for sofas and furniture); comfort foams (for mattresses, available in four variants); and technical foams. We have deep domain expertise in the manufacture of polyurethane foam and sell several ranges of our foam to OEM customers, including globally recognised clients which have stringent quality assurance standards. Further, as we manufacture foam in-house, we benefit from business synergies as the underlying foam constitutes the principal component of our mattresses and furniture.

*   **Furniture & Accessories:** Under our Duroflex and Sleepyhead brands, we sell various categories of sofas, sofabeds, recliners, beds, tables, and other furniture. In addition, under our Duroflex and Sleepyhead brands we sell a range of accessories, including pillows, comforters, mattress protectors and other similar products. As of June 30, 2025, we offered more than 2,400 SKUs across our other categories of furniture and accessories.

The table below sets forth a break-up of our revenue from operations across various product categories:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Product Category</th><th colspan="2">Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mattress</td><td>1,601.13</td><td>54.74%</td><td>5,830.68</td><td>51.41%</td><td>5,672.62</td><td>51.79%</td><td>5,873.29</td><td>55.54%</td></tr><tr><td>Branded Foam</td><td>1,075.11</td><td>36.75%</td><td>4,465.31</td><td>39.37%</td><td>4,011.04</td><td>36.62%</td><td>3,563.14</td><td>33.69%</td></tr><tr><td>Furniture</td><td>151.95</td><td>5.19%</td><td>610.22</td><td>5.38%</td><td>760.00</td><td>6.94%</td><td>522.24</td><td>4.94%</td></tr><tr><td>Accessories</td><td>69.29</td><td>2.37%</td><td>338.58</td><td>2.99%</td><td>422.10</td><td>3.85%</td><td>463.03</td><td>4.38%</td></tr><tr><td>Other operating revenues*</td><td>27.71</td><td>0.95%</td><td>97.71</td><td>0.85%</td><td>87.20</td><td>0.80%</td><td>153.17</td><td>1.45%</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Revenue from Operations</strong></td><td><strong>2,925.19</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>11,342.50</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>10,952.96</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>10,574.87</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

*Other operating revenues include revenue from scrap sales, income from duty drawback and duty scripts and income from government grants..

Our commitment to product excellence across our range of products is reflected in the 'Product of the Year 2025' awards that we received for the Duroflex Back Magic mattress, the Duroflex Wave Plus (Smart Adjustable Bed) and the Sleepyhead Rx7 recliner. We have continuously focused on identifying market gaps, addressing customer needs and introducing innovative products that distinguish us from our competitors. We regularly introduce new products in our mattresses, furniture and accessories product lines across our various Brands, with each new product generally including many SKUs to reflect different sizes, colours and densities.

Set forth below are some examples of our recent product innovations:

*   In 2017, we launched compressed, roll packed 'bed-in-a-box' mattresses, becoming one of the first two companies in the Indian market to do so, according to the TKC Report. These mattresses are cost effective alternatives to traditional mattresses due to their reduced logistics and warehousing costs and are sold online on our website and on e-commerce platforms. 'Bed-in-a-box' mattresses are compressed, rolled and shipped directly to the customer's home, capable of providing greater convenience compared to purchasing traditional mattresses. These mattresses are easy to set up, more affordable, durable and require lower maintenance.

*   In 2024, we launched the Neuma range of mattresses, which are India's first firmness adjustable mattress according to the TKC Report. These mattresses have a heat dissipation layer and a remote-controlled firmness adjustment mechanism. We have two pending patents over key smart bed control and monitoring technologies for the Neuma range.

*   In 2023, we launched Wave Plus, which is a remote controlled, adjustable smart bed, with massage modes and memory presets.

*   In 2023, we launched Motorized, our range of electric powered, multi-functional recliners.

*   In 2020, we launched the Duro Safe anti-viral mattress protector, in collaboration with a Swiss textile and materials innovator, utilizing their Viroblock technology.

*   In 2018, we launched the Duroflex heat absorption technology mattress, which makes use of the phase change materials technology to regulate the temperature of the mattress developed by a German company.