**Duroflex Limited (formerly known as Duroflex Private Limited)**

**Annexure VII - Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information (continued)**

*(All amounts are in Rs. million, except share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated)*

## 46 Related party disclosure (continued)

### C. Details of transactions and balances in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (continued)

#### ii. Details of the balances eliminated: (continued)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>As at<br>30 June 2025</th><th>As at<br>31 March 2025</th><th>As at<br>31 March 2024</th><th>As at<br>31 March 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>In the books of Sleepyhead Home Décor Private Limited</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Duroflex Limited (formerly known as Duroflex Private Limited)</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Contract liabilities</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1.78</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Receivables</td><td>13.51</td><td>12.20</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>REM42 Technologies Private Limited</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Trade Payables</td><td>0.11</td><td>0.08</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>In the books of REM42 Technologies Private Limited</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Duroflex Limited (formerly known as Duroflex Private Limited)</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables</td><td>-</td><td>4.90</td><td>3.84</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Payables</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>14.17</td></tr><tr><td>Contract liabilities</td><td>0.36</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Shivaarna Techno Foams Private Limited</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables</td><td>2.66</td><td>1.44</td><td>1.22</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Sleepyhead Home Décor Private Limited</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables</td><td>0.11</td><td>0.08</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>In the books of Vazhathoppil Enterprises Private Limited</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Duroflex Limited (formerly known as Duroflex Private Limited)</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Trade payables</td><td>-</td><td>0.04</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></tbody></table>

All transactions with these related parties are priced on an arms length basis.

## 47 Business combination under common control

a) The Board of Directors in their meeting held on 15 November 2023, considered and approved a scheme of amalgamation of Palmspring Mattresses Private Limited ('Transferor Company') and Duroflex Private Limited ('the Company' or 'Transferee Company') and their respective shareholders and creditors ("Scheme of Amalgamation") under Section 233 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The scheme was approved by the Regional Director on 27 March, 2024 and on filing of the scheme with Registrar of Companies, the Scheme became effective on 29 March, 2024. Pursuant to the Scheme becoming effective, the transferor company is merged into the Resulting Company with effect from 1 April, 2023 i.e. the Appointed Date.

This transaction being a Business Combination between entities under common control in accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 103 "Business Combinations" is accounted using the pooling of interests method. The assets and liabilities of the combining business is accounted at the carrying value of assets and liabilities pertaining to subsidiary are recognised as appearing in the standalone financial statements of the Company.

b) The Board of Directors in their meeting held on 15 November 2023, considered and approved a scheme of arrangement of between Sleepyhead Home Décor Private Limited ('Demerged Company') and Duroflex Private Limited ('the Company' or 'Resulting Company') and their respective shareholders and creditors ("Scheme of Arrangement") under Section 233 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The scheme was approved by the Regional Director on 27 March, 2024 and on filing of the scheme with Registrar of Companies, the Scheme became effective on 29 March, 2024. Pursuant to the Scheme becoming effective, the Trading business undertaking is demerged from the Demerged Company and transferred to and vested in the Resulting Company with effect from 1 April, 2023 i.e. the Appointed Date.

This transaction being a Business Combination between entities under common control in accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 103 "Business Combinations" is accounted using the pooling of interests method. The assets and liabilities of the combining business is accounted at the carrying value of assets and liabilities pertaining to subsidiary are recognised as appearing in the standalone financial statements of the Company.

## 48 During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company's Management identified instances of kickbacks received amounting to Rs. 38.24 millions (during the period from November 2019 to November 2024) by certain employees (the "employees") of the Company. An investigation was conducted by the Management with the help of an external consultant subsequent to which the employees accepted the receipt. The Company was able to recover Rs. 27.40 millions from the employees and necessary action was taken against the employees which included termination of employment for certain employees. Management has accounted for the amount recovered as a part of Miscellaneous income under note 32 of Other income.

Based on a detailed assessment of the findings and review of control framework, the Board of Directors and Management believe that this was an isolated incident. The Board of Directors and Management have taken the recommendations in the investigation report by the external consultant into consideration.