through a variety of promotional and marketing activities. The table below sets forth our advertisement and sales promotion expenses as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the period/ years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Advertisement and sales promotion expenses (₹ million)</td><td>160.56</td><td>730.11</td><td>850.14</td><td>758.81</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations (₹ million)</td><td>2,925.19</td><td>11,342.50</td><td>10,952.96</td><td>10,574.87</td></tr><tr><td>Advertisement and sales promotion expenses as a percentage of Revenue from operations</td><td>5.49%</td><td>6.44%</td><td>7.76%</td><td>7.18%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Several factors, some of which are beyond our control, may adversely impact our Brand's image. These factors include any failure in our ability to deliver quality products to our customers, effectively execute marketing and promotional activities, manage relationships with our customers, address complaints and incidents of negative publicity, and maintain a positive perception of our Company. A decline in product quality may erode customer trust and lead to negative reviews, damaging our reputation. Any actual or perceived decline in the quality of our products could result in loss of customers. Negative publicity concerning our Company, products, operations, Directors, senior management, or employees could adversely affect customer perception of our Brands, damage our corporate reputation, and lead to decreased demand for our products. While we have not experienced any negative publicity in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and the last three Fiscals which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, we cannot assure you that we will not face any negative publicity in the future. Our Brands and reputation could also be adversely impacted by persons passing-off counterfeit or duplicate products under the same brand names as us or which copy the Brands without our permission. While we have not experienced any instances of duplicates or counterfeits of our products in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and in the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future, and any occurrence of the aforesaid could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any impact on our ability to continue to promote our Brands or any significant damage to our Brands' image could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. See, "- If we fail to protect or incur significant costs in defending our intellectual property or if we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected." on page 40.

2. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our mattress and branded foam product categories. Our revenue from the sale of mattress accounted for 54.74%, 51.41%, 51.79% and 55.54% of our revenue from operations in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our revenue from the sale of branded foam accounted for 36.75%, 39.37%, 36.62% and 33.69% of our revenue from operations in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any shifts in customer preferences, any disruption in the supply chain, or heightened competition in these product categories could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our mattress product category and, in particular, from the sale of our 'Duropedic' and 'Energise' mattress product families. Revenues from the sale of mattresses may be adversely affected by increased competition, pricing pressures arising out of increase in raw material costs or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products, customer preferences and other factors outside our control.

We also derive a significant portion of our revenue from our branded foam product category. Revenues from the sale of branded foam may be adversely affected by increased competition, pricing pressures arising out of increase in raw material costs, quality issues with our various branded foam products or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products and other factors outside our control. Revenues from the sale of branded foam are dependent on the underlying attractiveness of the products of our customers, of which our branded foam inputs are a part, as well as pricing, logistics and other factors outside of our control.

The table below sets forth details of our revenues from the sale of our various product categories in the period/ years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Product Category</th><th colspan="2">Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mattress</td><td>1,601.13</td><td>54.74%</td><td>5,830.68</td><td>51.41%</td><td>5,672.62</td><td>51.79%</td><td>5,873.29</td><td>55.54%</td></tr><tr><td>Branded Foam</td><td>1,075.11</td><td>36.75%</td><td>4,465.31</td><td>39.37%</td><td>4,011.04</td><td>36.62%</td><td>3,563.14</td><td>33.69%</td></tr><tr><td>Furniture</td><td>151.95</td><td>5.19%</td><td>610.22</td><td>5.38%</td><td>760.00</td><td>6.94%</td><td>522.24</td><td>4.94%</td></tr><tr><td>Accessories</td><td>69.29</td><td>2.37%</td><td>338.58</td><td>2.99%</td><td>422.10</td><td>3.85%</td><td>463.03</td><td>4.38%</td></tr><tr><td>Other operating revenues</td><td>27.71</td><td>0.95%</td><td>97.71</td><td>0.85%</td><td>87.20</td><td>0.80%</td><td>153.17</td><td>1.45%</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operations</td><td>2,925.19</td><td>100.0%</td><td>11,342.50</td><td>100.0%</td><td>10,952.96</td><td>100.0%</td><td>10,574.87</td><td>100.0%</td></tr></tbody></table>