## Industry and market data

Unless stated otherwise, information pertaining to the industry in which our Company operates in, contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from the TKC Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company, pursuant to an engagement letter dated July 14, 2025, for the purpose of understanding the industry in connection with this Offer, since no report is publicly available which provides a comprehensive industry analysis, particularly for our Company's services, that may be similar to the TKC Report. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains certain data and statistics from the TKC Report, which is available on the website of our Company at www.duroflexworld.com/pages/investor-relations/industryreport. TKC is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our Promoters, any of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management or the Book Running Lead Managers.

Except for the TKC Report, we have not commissioned any report for purposes of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and any market and industry related data, other than that extracted or obtained from the TKC Report, used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions of such third-party sources are not guaranteed. Although the industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is reliable, the data used in these sources may have been re-classified by us for the purposes of presentation. However, no material data in connection with the Offer has been omitted. Data from these sources may also not be comparable.

Industry sources and publications may base their information on estimates and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends upon the reader's familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in "Risk Factors – We have included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies." on page 59.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, "Basis for Offer Price" on page 128 includes information relating to our peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified herein. Accordingly, no investment decision should be made solely on the basis of such information.