<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Name, designation, address, occupation, term, period of directorship, DIN, date of birth</th><th>Age (years)</th><th>Other directorships</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><strong>Designation:</strong> Independent Director<br/><strong>Address:</strong> K 901, Mantri Espana, Kariyammana Agrahara, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur, Bengaluru 560 103, Karnataka, India<br/><strong>Occupation:</strong> Professional<br/><strong>Term:</strong> Period of three years from September 22, 2025, not liable to retire by rotation<br/><strong>Period of directorship:</strong> Since September 22, 2025<br/><strong>DIN:</strong> 07402851<br/><strong>Date of birth:</strong> June 25, 1980</td><td></td><td><ul><li>Vivish Insurance Advisory Services Private Limited</li><li>Vivish Technologies Private Limited</li></ul><strong>Foreign companies:</strong><br/>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td><strong>Anusha Mahalingam</strong><br/><strong>Designation:</strong> Independent Director<br/><strong>Address:</strong> Apt 201, Aravindaksha 113, 3<sup>rd</sup> Main Road, Defence Colony, Indiranagar, Bangalore North, Bengaluru 560 038, Karnataka, India<br/><strong>Occupation:</strong> Professional<br/><strong>Term:</strong> Period of three years from October 6, 2025, not liable to retire by rotation<br/><strong>Period of directorship:</strong> Since October 6, 2025<br/><strong>DIN:</strong> 06418747<br/><strong>Date of birth:</strong> December 21, 1980</td><td>44</td><td><strong>Indian companies:</strong><br/><ul><li>LessonLeap Academy India Private Limited</li></ul><strong>Foreign companies:</strong><br/>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Appointed as the Chairman and Managing Director, pursuant to resolutions passed by our Board and the Shareholders each on September 9, 2025.

## Brief Biographies of our Directors

**Jacob Joseph George** is one of our Promoters and is currently the Chairman and Managing Director of our Company. He holds a master's degree in business administration (entrepreneurship and family business) from the School of Business Management, Shri Vile Parle Kelavani Mandal's Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies. He has been associated with our Company as a Director since June 4, 2013. He has several years of work experience in the business operations, strategy and corporate sector. In our Company, he is responsible for managing our annual operating plan and growth strategies while overseeing human resource and finance functions.

**Mathew Chandy** is one of our Promoters and is currently a Whole-time Director of our Company. He holds a bachelor's degree of law from National Law School of India University, Bangalore. He has been associated with our Company as a Director since April 23, 2012. He was previously associated with Linklaters Business Services. He has several years of work experience in management and business services. In our Company, he is responsible for shaping the overall strategy of the Company.

**Mathew George** is one of our Promoters and is currently a Whole-time Director of our Company. He holds a bachelor's degree of arts in economics from the University of Madras and a master's degree in international business from Monash University. He has been associated with our Company as a Director since March 18, 2011. He was previously associated with ANZ Operations and Technology Private Limited. He has several years of work experience in the technology and business operations sector. In our Company, he is responsible for managing manufacturing and supply chain operations while driving product development to ensure innovation and business growth.

**Mathew Antony Joseph** is one of our Promoters and is currently a Whole-time Director of our Company. He holds a *bachelor's* degree of business management from Christ College, Bangalore and has completed the post graduate programme in arts in advertising and marketing from University of Leeds. He has been associated with our Company as a Director since March 18, 2011. He has several years of work experience in the business operations, strategy and corporate sector. In our Company, he is