1. The Centralized Processing Center of the Income Tax Department ("Department") issued an intimation dated May 27, 2025 ("Intimation") to our Company under Section 143(1) of the Income Tax Act, for the assessment year 2024-25. The Intimation proposed an adjustment reducing the claimed refund by our Company by ₹45.17 million. The adjustments were made on grounds including, inter alia, the disallowance of brought forward business losses amounting to ₹267.61 million pertaining to the demerged undertaking from Sleepyhead Home Decor Private Limited, the non-consideration of advance tax payments of ₹41.56 million made by amalgamated undertaking, Palmspring Mattresses Private Limited, and the disallowance of TDS credit amounting to ₹3.61 million. Pursuant to the Intimation, the Department issued an order dated July 25, 2025 ("Order") to our Company under Section 154 of the Income Tax Act stating that there is no payment due to our Company. Our Company has filed an appeal dated August 23, 2025, under Section 246A of the Income Tax Act against the Order before the Joint Commissioner (Appeals) / Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) - National Faceless Appeal Centre. The total amount involved in the matter is ₹312.79 million. The matter is currently pending.

*Material indirect tax litigation involving our Company*

1. The Office of the Commissioner of Goods and Service Tax and Central Excise (Audit), Government of Tamil Nadu ("Department") issued a show cause cum demand notice dated September 25, 2023 ("SCN") to our Company ("Noticee"), under Sections 73(9), 122(2)(a), and 125 of the CGST/TNGST Acts for the period July 2017 to March 2021, alleging inter alia: (i) non-payment of GST under the reverse charge mechanism ("RCM") received from government/ government agency, security and cab hire services, and certain freight charges; (ii) short payment of GST on canteen services, rental income, and interest from debtors; (iii) alleged ineligible availment of input tax credit ("ITC"), including on blocked credits, excess availment over tax paid by suppliers, and credits with erroneous place of supply; and (iv) turnover mismatches identified through differences between GSTR-3B and GSTR-9. The SCN set out an aggregate demand of ₹46.3 million, inclusive of applicable interest and penalty ("Demand"). The Noticee submitted a reply dated November 23, 2023 ("Reply"), contesting the Demand on various grounds, inter alia, that (a) RCM liability was not applicable to certain cab hire and security service transactions, or where no service or inward supply was received; (b) turnovers and ITC mismatches arose from bona fide errors, with no intent to evade tax and with full taxes already discharged; (c) ITC cannot be denied purely based on mismatch with GSTR-2A/3B; and (d) reversal of ITC for CSR, staff uniform, repair/maintenance, and canteen expenses was not justified, especially where expenses were statutorily required or not "gifts" or "personal consumption" under Section 17(5) of the CGST and TNGST Acts. By way of the Reply, the Noticee further requested that the entire Demand (except for certain admitted, minor liabilities for which proof of payment was provided) be dropped in totality. Subsequently, an order dated December 28, 2023 was passed by the Department ("Order") confirming the demand of ₹31.31 million. Aggrieved by the Order, Noticee filed an appeal dated March 27, 2024 ("Appeal") before the First Appellate Authority, contesting the Order. Noticee has paid the mandatory pre-deposit of ₹2.80 million, being 10% of the disputed tax amount. The matter is currently pending.

2. The Office of the Joint Commissioner Intelligence Salem, Commercial Tax Department, Government of Tamil Nadu ("Department") issued a show cause cum demand notice dated February 28, 2024 ("SCN") to our Company ("Noticee") under Section 74(9) and related penalty provisions of the CGST and TNGST Acts for the period April 2021 to March 2022, alleging inter alia: (i) non-reversal of input tax credit ("ITC") on credit notes received, resulting in excess ITC having been claimed; (ii) alleged ineligible availment of blocked ITC under Section 17(5) of the CGST and TNGST Acts; (iii) ineligible availment of ITC on allocation of cost from head office to branch office without mandatory input service distributor ("ISD") registration; and (iv) mismatches between GST returns and e-way bill data, leading to alleged excess ITC claims or unsubstantiated turnovers. The notice assessed an aggregate demand of ₹167.95 million inclusive of applicable interest and penalty ("Demand"). The Noticee submitted replies dated May 22, 2024, and May 30, 2024 ("Replies"), contesting the Demand, on various grounds, inter alia, that (a) there was no wilful misstatement, suppression or fraud to justify invocation of Section 74, with discrepancies resulting from bona fide errors and all information being duly disclosed; (b) ITC claimed in GSTR-3B was net of credit notes and any demand solely on the basis of GSTR-2A was erroneous, as law requires the Department to establish that ITC was actually availed in contravention; (c) blocked ITC claims were either not availed (having been expensed out) or did not fall within the scope of section 17(5), with the Department bearing the burden to show otherwise; (d) cross-charging from head office to branch office does not mandatorily require ISD registration and credits on such invoices are valid, as clarified by government circulars; (e) e-way bill and goods and services tax returns data mismatches were procedural, explained by legitimate circumstances and should not attract penalty absent mala fide intent or revenue loss. By way of the Replies, the Noticee requested that the entire Demand (except for certain minor admitted liabilities for which proof of payment was provided) be dropped in totality. Subsequently, an order dated May 30, 2024 was passed by the Department ("Order") confirming the demand of ₹49.59 million. Aggrieved by the Order, Noticee filed an appeal dated August 29, 2024 ("Appeal") before the First Appellate Authority, contesting the Order. Noticee has paid the mandatory pre-deposit of ₹1.93 million, being 10% of the disputed tax amount. The matter is currently pending.