The scale at which we manufacture our products, combined with our supply chain management, enables us to derive the benefits of economies of scale across various aspects of our business model. Further, we maintain appropriate inventory levels across our manufacturing facilities by implementing technology and utilising available market information. We also endeavor to maintain high quality standards and good manufacturing practices. Further, we have 19 warehouses (1 mother warehouse and 18 regional Depots) at various locations across India, which facilitates product availability across our distribution network. Our diversified omni-channel distribution network covers multiple online and offline touchpoints. Our distribution channels include COCO Stores, e-commerce, general trade, institutional and OEM sales and branded foam sales.

We follow a multi-pronged approach towards marketing, spanning celebrity collaborations, community engagement, social media influencers and marketing campaigns. Our marketing strategy follows a targeted approach for different products and customer categories. Further, several of our marketing initiatives and collaborations are content based, aimed at creating awareness on the importance of sleep, quality of mattresses and creating aspiration amongst customers for premium mattresses.

We are led by third-generation, entrepreneurial promoters, Jacob Joseph George, Mathew Chandy, Mathew George and Mathew Antony Joseph. Our Promoters' leadership and experience has enabled us to grow our product portfolio and develop brands, build a pan-India distribution network, maintain relationships with our distributors and retailers, and expand our manufacturing capabilities, in turn driving our growth in revenue from operations and profit margins. Our Promoters are supported by a qualified management team and experienced board of directors. We are also supported by marquee investors, Lighthouse India Fund Lighthouse Trust, and Norwest. Their strategic guidance has helped us achieve our business goals.

## SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AFFECTING OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by a number of important factors including:

### Our diversified product portfolio and product mix

We offer a wide range of products, in mattresses, branded foam, furniture and accessories product categories. Over the last four decades, we have diversified our product range and brand portfolio across our product categories. As a result, we have a diverse range of products across the various product categories.

We also have a diversified product mix, which is attributable to our ability to offer products to our customers across various price points. A diverse product portfolio and product mix not only helps increase revenue from operations but also reduces dependence on any single product or product category. Further, in prior periods, while we have experienced a decline in revenues in certain product categories, these have been offset by increases in revenue in other product categories, leading to an increase in overall revenue from operations. For further details, see – "Results of Operations" on page 375 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our results of operations are also significantly influenced by our product mix as some products have higher, or more consistent, margins than other products.

The prices at which we sell products are periodically revised, keeping in mind various considerations, including changes in the cost of raw materials, manufacturing expenses, customisation and enhancements in product attributes, market trends and our competitive advantage.

The table below sets forth details of our revenues from the sale of mattress, branded foam, furniture, accessories and other operating revenues for the period/ years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Product Category</th><th colspan="2">Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mattress</td><td>1,601.13</td><td>54.74%</td><td>5,830.68</td><td>51.41%</td><td>5,672.62</td><td>51.79%</td><td>5,873.29</td><td>55.54%</td></tr><tr><td>Branded foam</td><td>1,075.11</td><td>36.75%</td><td>4,465.31</td><td>39.37%</td><td>4,011.04</td><td>36.62%</td><td>3,563.14</td><td>33.69%</td></tr><tr><td>Furniture</td><td>151.95</td><td>5.19%</td><td>610.22</td><td>5.38%</td><td>760.00</td><td>6.94%</td><td>522.24</td><td>4.94%</td></tr><tr><td>Accessories</td><td>69.29</td><td>2.37%</td><td>338.58</td><td>2.99%</td><td>422.10</td><td>3.85%</td><td>463.03</td><td>4.38%</td></tr><tr><td>Other operating revenues*</td><td>27.71</td><td>0.95%</td><td>97.71</td><td>0.85%</td><td>87.20</td><td>0.80%</td><td>153.17</td><td>1.45%</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Revenue from Operations</strong></td><td><strong>2,925.19</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>11,342.50</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>10,952.96</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>10,574.87</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

* Other operating revenues includes revenue from scrap sales, income from duty drawback and duty scripts and income from government grants.