## Risk factors

The following is a summary of the top ten risk factors in relation to our Company:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Risk Factors</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Our business and results of operations are significantly dependent on our Brands, under which we offer a wide range of products, including mattresses, foam and furniture and any impairment, dilution or damage to our Brands in any manner may adversely affect our business reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our mattress and branded foam product categories. Our revenue from the sale of mattress accounted for 54.74%, 51.41%, 51.79% and 55.54% of our revenue from operations in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our revenue from the sale of branded foam accounted for 36.75%, 39.37%, 36.62% and 33.69% of our revenue from operations in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any shifts in customer preferences, any disruption in the supply chain, or heightened competition in these product categories could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>We are exposed to risks relating to our general trade distribution channels and our inability to effectively manage our general trade distribution channels could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our network of trade stores</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>We are exposed to risks relating to our e-commerce channels, such as technical issues that may affect ecommerce platforms, changes in customer behaviour and platform disruptions</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Our COCO Stores may not perform as expected and we may be unable to successfully expand our COCO Store network, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>The premises of all of our COCO Stores are leased or sub-leased or are on leave and license basis. If we fail to renew these leases and leave and license agreements on competitive terms or if we are unable to manage our rental costs, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would be adversely affected</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Our business is dependent on our manufacturing facilities and we are subject to certain risks in our manufacturing processes. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant underutilization in the short term could increase our cost of production and our operating costs and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>We depend on certain key suppliers to procure our raw materials. Further, we do not have long term agreements with suppliers for our raw materials and an increase in the cost of or a shortfall in the availability of such raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Any failure in our quality control processes or if the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows</td></tr></tbody></table>

Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Offer. For further details on the afore-mentioned risk factors, please see, "Risk Factors" on page 32.

## Summary of contingent liabilities

The details of our contingent liabilities as on June 30, 2025, as derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information are set forth in the table below:

<table><caption>(₹ in million)</caption><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>As at June 30, 2025</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Claims against companies not acknowledged as debts</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Income tax cases</td><td>148.63</td></tr><tr><td>Goods and services tax*</td><td>350.61</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Matters relating to incorrect availment of input tax credit, mismatch between GSTR9 and GSTR3B and mismatch between GSTR2A and GSTR3B

**Notes:**

(a) In the year 1999-2000, the management had transferred the loans of ₹ 4.28 million and ₹ 15.06 million taken from Indian Jute Industries Research ("IJIRA") and Technology Information, Forecasting and Assessment Council ("TIFAC") respectively to capital reserve. These loans were conditional loans and were to be repaid only if the Group succeeded in commercialising the products developed by the research activities. The group had not succeeded in commercialising the products developed by the research activities and the Board of directors of the group on the basis of the legal opinion and based on the technical report are of the opinion that the project did not result in the commercialisation of any product and as such the loan from IJIRA and TIFAC is not repayable. TIFAC had referred the matter to Arbitration. The arbitration order was set aside by the District Court Alappuzha and referred back to the Arbitrator. Subsequent to the same, TIFAC had requested the group to enter into a settlement. The group is of the view that the amount is not payable as the project was not successful. The management has not received any communication from IJIRA and has proposed to make legal representation to get a no due certificate. The management is of the view that the matter will be settled judicially and hence nature of the liability remains unchanged as compared to the previous year.

(b) In February 2019, the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India, in its judgement, had clarified the applicability of allowances that should be considered within the expression of 'basic wages' to measure the provident fund contribution under the Employees' Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 ("EPF Act"). The Company and its Subsidiaries ("Group") had been legally advised that there were interpretative challenges on the application of