Further, in addition to mattresses, which remain our core focus, we have expanded into the furniture category with products such as sofas, recliners and beds, and into accessories such as pillows, comforters and mattress protectors with a view to capturing higher customer wallet shares. We have created sub-brands within both the Duroflex and Sleepyhead brands for these products aimed at different customer segments.

We believe that our acumen in introducing, positioning and scaling brands, identifying product and price gaps, design and development, product assortment and quality differentiates us from other mattress and home furnishing brands.

Further, our house of brands strategy helps us to tailor value propositions for different customer segments, avoid brand dilution, increase our addressable market, improve channel leverage, create cross-selling and upselling paths and insulate us from economic cycles. Our approach to launching or scaling new brands and product categories is guided by our strategic intent to bridge portfolio gaps, address unmet consumer needs, and capture market share in high-growth segments. Each launch is aligned with the long-term category potential and targets brand equity expansion. For example, we followed differentiated approaches to the launch and scaling of products within our Duropedic sub-brand (part of the Duroflex brand) and our Sleepyhead brand, based on the target customer profiles, as set forth in the case study below:

<table><thead><tr><th></th><th>Duropedic</th><th>Sleepyhead</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Target customer profile</td><td>Premium product aimed at older customers, focused on health, for customers experiencing back pain</td><td>Aimed at younger, urban, digital-first customers at accessible prices</td></tr><tr><td>Core technology/features</td><td>5 Zone postural support engineered for the human body</td><td><ul><li>Leverages flagship Duroflex technologies where appropriate</li><li>Utilized “bed-in-a-box” technology for convenience in tight urban settings</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Design approach</td><td>Cohesive, contemporary, premium look developed in collaboration with a multi-disciplinary design studio.</td><td>Products and experiences that make everyday living fun, trendy and fabulous.</td></tr><tr><td>Marketing focus</td><td><ul><li>Health and wellness</li><li>Scientifically tested and backed: approved by National Health Academy (Source: TKC Report)</li><li>Campaign covered everyday posture mistakes to show how Duropedic mattresses protect the back</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Design and style</li><li>Marketing focused on projecting Sleepyhead as an innovator in a traditional market</li><li>E-commerce led sales, speedy order fulfilment</li><li>Social media driven unboxing videos -Digital first and influencer-based campaigns to appeal to youthful target customer</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Channel strategy</td><td>Duroflex COCO Stores as well as trade stores, Duroflex's own website and e-commerce channels</td><td>D2C through Sleepyhead's own website, Sleepyhead COCO Stores as well as e-commerce channels.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Comprehensive product portfolio and customer centric product innovations

We have an extensive product portfolio in mattresses and adjacent categories and position ourselves as a one-stop shop for our customers for any type of sleep and comfort needs. We leverage our brand equity to enter into additional furniture categories, aiming to increase customer lifetime value.

Our product portfolio covers the following categories:

* **Mattresses:** We sell various categories of mattresses under the Duroflex, Sleepyhead and Perfect Rest brands. These include basic essential mattresses, doctor recommended orthopedic mattresses, natural latex mattresses and mattresses with adjustable firmness. As of June 30, 2025, we offered more than 3,900 SKUs across our three brands. According to the TKC Report, we have India's largest range of mattresses compared to our peer companies, with 67 product options. We also sell mattresses to institutions across various hospital, hospitality, education and government sectors and sell finished mattresses on a white label sales basis to customers, including marquee national and international brands (European and American furniture retailers).