Selling commission payable to the SCSBs will be determined on the basis of the bidding terminal id as captured in the Bid book of BSE or NSE. No processing fees shall be payable by any of the Selling Shareholders to the SCSBs on the applications directly procured by them. Processing fees payable to the SCSBs of ₹[●] per valid application (plus applicable taxes) for processing the Bid cum Application Form for Non-Institutional Investors which are procured by the members of the Syndicate/sub- Syndicate/Registered Broker/RTAs/ CDPs and submitted to SCSB for blocking.

(2) Brokerage, selling commission and processing/uploading charges on the portion for Retail Individual Investors and Non-Institutional Investors which are procured by members of the Syndicate (including their sub-Syndicate Members), RTAs and CDPs or for using 3-in-1 type accounts- linked online trading, demat & bank account provided by some of the brokers which are members of Syndicate (including their sub-Syndicate Members) would be as follows:

<table><tr><td>Portion for Retail Individual Investors*</td><td>₹[●]% of the Amount Allotted* (plus applicable taxes)</td></tr><tr><td>Portion for Non-Institutional Investors*</td><td>₹[●]% of the Amount Allotted* (plus applicable taxes)</td></tr><tr><td>Portion for Eligible Employees</td><td>₹[●]% of the Amount Allotted* (plus applicable taxes)</td></tr></table>

*Amount Allotted is the product of the number of Equity Shares Allotted and the Offer Price.

The Selling commission payable to the Syndicate / sub-Syndicate Members will be determined on the basis of the application form number / series, provided that the application is also bid by the respective Syndicate / sub-Syndicate Member. For clarification, if a Syndicate ASBA application on the application form number / series of a Syndicate / sub-Syndicate Member, is bid by an SCSB, the Selling Commission will be payable to the SCSB and not the Syndicate / sub-Syndicate Member.

Uploading charges payable to members of the Syndicate (including their sub-Syndicate Members), RTAs and CDPs on the applications made by RIIs using 3-in-1 accounts/Syndicate ASBA mechanism and Non-Institutional Investors which are procured by them and submitted to SCSB for blocking or using 3-in-1 accounts/Syndicate ASBA mechanism, would be as follows: ₹[●] plus applicable taxes, per valid application bid by the Syndicate (including their sub-Syndicate Members), RTAs and CDPs.

The selling commission and bidding charges payable to Registered Brokers, the RTAs and CDPs will be determined on the basis of the bidding terminal id as captured in the bid book of BSE or NSE.

(3) Selling commission/uploading charges payable to the Registered Brokers on the portion for RIIs and Non-Institutional Investors which are directly procured by the Registered Broker and submitted to SCSB for processing, would be as follows:

<table><tr><td>Portion for Retail Individual Investors*</td><td>₹[●] per valid application (plus applicable taxes)</td></tr><tr><td>Portion for Non-Institutional Investors*</td><td>₹[●] per valid application (plus applicable taxes)</td></tr></table>

*Based on valid applications.

(4) Uploading charges/ Processing fees for applications made by RIIs using the UPI Mechanism would be as under:

<table><tr><td>Members of the Syndicate / RTAs / CDPs / Registered Brokers</td><td>₹[●] per valid application (plus applicable taxes)</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor Bank</td><td>₹[●] processing fees for applications made by Retail Individual Investors will be Nil for each valid Bid cum application form. The Sponsor Bank shall be responsible for making payments to the third parties such as remitter bank, NPCI and such other parties as required in connection with the performance of its duties under the SEBI circulars, the Syndicate Agreement and other applicable laws.</td></tr></table>

All such commissions and processing fees set out above shall be paid as per the timelines in terms of the Syndicate Agreement and Cash Escrow and Sponsor Bank Agreement. The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs) only after such banks provide a written confirmation and make such payment in compliance with SEBI ICDR Master Circular.

## Monitoring of utilisation of funds

In terms of Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall appoint [●] as the Monitoring Agency for monitoring the utilisation of the Gross Proceeds. Our Audit Committee and the Monitoring Agency will monitor the utilisation of the Gross Proceeds and submit the report required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Our Company will disclose, and continue to disclose, the utilisation of the Gross Proceeds, including interim use, under a separate head in our balance sheet for such financial years as required under applicable law, specifying the purposes for which the Gross Proceeds have been utilised, till the time any part of the Fresh Issue proceeds remains unutilised. Our Company will also, in its balance sheet for the applicable financial years, provide details, if any, in relation to all such Gross Proceeds that have not been utilised, if any. Further, our Company, on a quarterly basis, shall include the deployment of Gross Proceeds under various heads, as applicable, in the notes to our quarterly consolidated results.

Pursuant to Regulation 18(3) and Regulation 32(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall, on a quarterly basis, disclose to the Audit Committee the uses and applications of the Gross Proceeds. The Audit Committee will make recommendations to our Board for further action, if appropriate. On an annual basis, our Company shall prepare a statement of funds utilised for purposes other than those stated in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and place it before the Audit Committee and make other disclosures as may be required until such time as the Gross Proceeds remain unutilised. Such disclosure shall be made only until such time that all the Gross Proceeds have been utilised in full. In accordance with Regulation 32(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the statement shall be certified by statutory auditors of our Company. Furthermore, in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall furnish to the Stock Exchanges, on a quarterly basis, a statement indicating (a) deviations, if any, in the actual utilisation of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue from the Objects; and (b) details of category wise variations in the actual utilisation of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue from the Objects. This information will also be published in newspapers, one in English, one in Hindi, and one regional language of the jurisdiction where our Registered and Corporate Office is located, simultaneously with the interim or annual financial results and explanation for such variation (if any) will be included in our Director's report, after placing the same before the Audit Committee.