# CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL, INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION

## Certain Conventions

All references in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to “India” are to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions and all references to the “Government”, “Indian Government”, “GoI”, “Central Government” or the “State Government” are to the Government of India, central or state, as applicable.

All references to the “US”, “U.S.”, “USA” or “United States” are to the United States of America and its territories and possessions.

Unless stated otherwise, all references to page numbers in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to the corresponding page numbers of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Unless otherwise specified, any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is in IST. Unless indicated otherwise, all references to a year in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to a calendar year.

## Financial Data

Our Company’s Financial Year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the next year. Unless stated otherwise, all references in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to the terms Fiscal or Fiscal Year or Financial Year, are to the 12 months period commencing on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending on March 31 of that particular calendar year.

Unless stated otherwise or where the context otherwise requires, the financial information and financial ratios in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information.

Restated consolidated financial information of our Company and our Subsidiaries, comprises the restated consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as at June 30, 2025, March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the restated consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated consolidated statement of changes in equity, the restated consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and for the years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the material accounting policies, and other explanatory information and notes, prepared in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, SEBI ICDR Regulations, and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, as amended from time to time. The Restated Consolidated Financial Information have been prepared to comply in all material respects with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time), presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable to the financial statements and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

For further information, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” on page 269.

There are significant differences between Ind AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Our Company does not provide reconciliation of its financial information to IFRS or U.S. GAAP. Our Company has not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our Company’s financial data. For details in connection with risks involving differences between Ind AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS see “Risk Factors – We have included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies.” on page 59. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, 2013, Ind AS and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting policies and practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal place and all percentage figures have been rounded off to two decimal places. However, where any figures that may have been sourced from third-party industry sources are rounded off to other than two decimal points in their respective sources, such figures appear in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as rounded-off to such number of decimal points as provided in such respective sources.

Unless the context otherwise indicates, any percentage amounts, or ratios (excluding certain operational metrics), relation to the financial information of our Company as set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 32, 185 and 352, respectively, and elsewhere in this Draft