65. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price, price to earnings ratio and market capitalization to revenue multiple based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter.

Our revenue from operations for Fiscal 2025 was ₹ 11,342.50 million and profit for the year for Fiscal 2025 was ₹ 471.63 million. The table below provides details of our price to earnings ratio and market capitalization to revenue from operations at the upper end of the Price Band:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Price to Earnings Ratio</td><td>Market Capitalization to Revenue</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>[●]*</td><td>[●]*</td></tr></tbody></table>

* To be populated at Prospectus stage.

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band will be determined shall be disclosed in the advertisement that will be issued for the publication of the Price Band. Further, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through the book-building process prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section “Basis for the Offer Price” on page 128 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter.

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares.

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. As a result, we cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. Further, the market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price.

66. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors.

SEBI and Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of these measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility.

On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Offer due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation.

In the event our Equity Shares are covered under such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market for and trading of our Equity Shares.

67. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all.

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares