Brokers at the Broker Centres. The list of the Registered Brokers, including details such as postal address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the websites of the respective Stock Exchanges at https://www.bseindia.com/ and https://www.nseindia.com, as updated from time to time.

## Registrar and Share Transfer Agents

The list of the RTAs eligible to accept ASBA Forms at the Designated RTA Locations, including details such as address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com/Static/PublicIssues/RtaDp.aspx and www.nseindia.com/products-services/initial-public-offerings-asba-procedures, respectively, as updated from time to time and on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=10, as updated from time to time.

## Collecting Depository Participants

The list of the CDPs eligible to accept ASBA Forms at the Designated CDP Locations, including details such as name and contact details, is provided on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com/Static/PublicIssues/RtaDp.aspx and www.nseindia.com/products-services/initial-public-offerings-asba-procedures, respectively, as updated from time to time.

## Experts to the Offer

Except as disclosed below, our Company has not obtained any expert opinions:

Our Company has received written consent dated October 15, 2025 from our statutory auditor, B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, to include their name as required under section 26(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and as an "expert" as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent and in their capacity as our Statutory Auditor and in respect of their (i) examination report, dated October 11, 2025 on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information; and (ii) their report dated October 15, 2025 on the statement of special tax benefits in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Our Company has received written consent dated October 14, 2025, from P K Shah & Co, having a firm registration number as 308150E, holding a valid peer review certificate from ICAI, to include their names as required under section 26 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and as an "expert" as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of various certificates issued by them in their capacity as the Independent Chartered Accountant to our Company and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Our Company has received a written consent dated October 15, 2025, from Praveen Subramanya, on behalf of AJVA SP Appraisal Services Private Limited, to include their name as required under Section 26(5) of the Companies Act read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as an "expert", as defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent and in their capacity as an Independent Chartered Engineer; and a certificate dated October 15, 2025, from Praveen Subramanya, on behalf of AJVA SP Appraisal Services Private Limited certifying, *inter alia*, the details of the installed production capacity of our manufacturing facilities. Such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this DRHP.

Our Company has received a written consent dated October 15, 2025, from Architects IN, to include their name as required under Section 26(5) of the Companies Act read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as an "expert", as defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent and in their capacity as an Independent Architect; and certificate dated October 15, 2025, from Architects IN, certifying, *inter alia*, average area of COCO Stores opened and the capital expenditure incurred on the COCO Stores opened during the last three Financial Years and the three months period ended June 30, 2025, and expenses which are proposed to be incurred by the Company towards setting up of new COCO Stores. Such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this DRHP.

Our Company has received a written consent dated October 15, 2025, from L. R. Swami Co., intellectual property consultant, to include their name as required under Section 26(5) of the Companies Act read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as an "expert", as defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent and in their capacity as an intellectual property consultant; and a certificate dated October 15, 2025, from L. R. Swami Co., certifying, *inter alia*, details of intellectual properties applications and registrations in our name. Such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this DRHP.

Such consents have not been withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. It is clarified that, the term "expert" shall not be construed to mean an "expert" as defined under the U.S. Securities Act.