* any negative publicity created by current influencers or celebrities whom we formerly engaged or who is no longer supportive of our brands;
* celebrities or influences (including their supporters) could engage in behaviour damaging their reputation;
* if we were held responsible for the content of posts by influencers or their actions, and such posts were found to be illegal or inappropriate, we could be fined or forced to alter our practices, even when we may not always prescribe what our influencers post or act or promote;
* influencers may use their platforms to communicate directly with our customers without our knowledge in a manner that reflects poorly on our brands and may be attributed to us; and
* any drop in celebrities' or influencers' satisfaction to endorse our products, brand, our platform, or customer experience.

As social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms continue to develop, we must continue to maintain a strong presence on these platforms and stay relevant on new or emerging trends on popular social media platforms. Our target customers often believe readily available information and any negative commentary could drive large-scale social media campaigns and posts against us, our products or brands, whether motivated or otherwise, and result in customer boycotts, without further investigation and without regard to accuracy of facts. It is not possible for us to prevent or moderate such behaviour, and the precautions we take to detect or restrict this activity may not be effective in all cases. The harm may be immediate and may be long-lasting, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Impersonated or fake ecommerce platforms or websites, and fake social media pages and accounts, fake customer service calls impersonating themselves as associated with our brand or business or selling our brand of products may lead to fraud and dissatisfied customers.

Furthermore, as laws, regulations, policies governing digital platforms and public opinion rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms, the failure by us, our employees, our network of influencers or any third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws, regulations, policies and guidelines (such as certain guidelines prescribed under the Advertising Standards Council of India ("ASCI") Code of Self-Regulation (the "ASCI Guidelines")) in the use of these platforms or in the process of content creation for us or otherwise could subject us to regulatory investigations, liability, fines or other penalties and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, an increase in the use of social media for product promotion and marketing may cause an increase in the burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials and content. Also, it increases the risk that such materials could contain product restricted by local regulations, or otherwise, or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. While we have not faced any such instances in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and the last three Fiscals which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future and any occurrence of the aforesaid could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Also, the costs to enter into relationships with influencers and celebrities or engage in sponsorship initiatives may also increase over time, which may also negatively impact our margins, cash flows and results of operations. Also if we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools or if the platforms we use change their policies or algorithms, we may not be able to fully optimize such platforms, and our ability to maintain and acquire customer and our financial condition may be impacted.

**25. Our business requires working capital. Any failure in arranging adequate working capital for our operations may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.**

We require working capital for purchasing key raw materials. The table below sets forth details regarding our Net working capital days for the period/years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three months period ended<br>as at June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="4">(₹ millions, unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Inventories (I)</td><td>1,063.41</td><td>1,003.87</td><td>882.56</td><td>1,016.57</td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables (II)</td><td>1,082.52</td><td>902.42</td><td>753.08</td><td>784.84</td></tr><tr><td>Trade payables (III)</td><td>1,840.81</td><td>1,598.47</td><td>1,186.44</td><td>1,422.29</td></tr><tr><td>Net working capital (I+II-III)</td><td>305.12</td><td>307.82</td><td>449.20</td><td>379.12</td></tr><tr><td>Average net working capital (IV)</td><td>306.47</td><td>378.51</td><td>414.16</td><td>539.20</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations (V)</td><td>2,925.19</td><td>11,342.50</td><td>10,952.96</td><td>10,574.87</td></tr><tr><td>Net working capital days<sup>(1)</sup> (IV/V)* (no. of days in the period/year)</td><td>9.53</td><td>12.18</td><td>13.84</td><td>18.61</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Notes:*

1. Net working capital days is calculated as (Average Net working capital divided by Revenue from operations)*no. of days in a year. However, for the three months period ended June 30, 2025, Net working capital days is calculated as (Average Net working capital divided by Revenue from