<table><thead><tr><th>Key Players</th><th>Operating Company</th><th>Year of Inception</th><th>Key Brands</th><th>Key Categories Present in</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Joyce</td><td>Flexible polyurethane foam- Leading brand in Australia</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Interplasp</td><td>Flexible polyurethane foam- Leading brand in Europe based out of Spain</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Spring Air</td><td>Mattress</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Home Komforts</td><td>Sofa, Bed Frame, Storage, Table</td></tr><tr><td>Wakefit</td><td>Wakefit Innovations Ltd.</td><td>2016</td><td>Wakefit</td><td>Mattress, Furniture, Cushion, Serve ware, Tableware, Pillows, Dinnerware, Comforter, Cookware, Wall décor, Office Chair</td></tr><tr><td>Peps Industries</td><td>Peps Industries Pvt. Ltd</td><td>2005</td><td>Peps</td><td>Mattress, Pillow, Bed linen, Bolster, Cushion, Mattress protector, Comforter</td></tr><tr><td>The Sleep Company</td><td>Comfort Grid Technologies Pvt. Ltd</td><td>2019</td><td>The Sleep Company</td><td>Mattress, Sofa Cum Bed, Furniture, Gaming chair, Bed linen, Pillow, Cushion, Comforter</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: Company websites and Annual reports

*Duroflex has a continuing legacy of over 60 years, with its predecessor entity having been established in 1963 and Duroflex Private Limited was established in 1981.

Few players in India's mattress industry such as Sheela Foam, Duroflex etc. offer a comprehensive range of product categories designed to meet the shifting preferences of modern consumers. Their primary product lines include mattresses, PU foam which is used in various home care products such as mattress, quilts, bed linen, comforter etc. as well as in furniture and furnishings such as sofa, bed, etc.

Exhibit 6.2: Product portfolio mapping of key players

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Key Players</th><th colspan="4">Home Comfort</th><th colspan="4">PU Foam</th><th colspan="4">Furniture</th></tr><tr><th>Mattress</th><th>Mattress cover</th><th>Pillow/ Cushion</th><th>Bedding/ Linen</th><th>Comfort Foam</th><th>Technica l Foam</th><th>Bed Frame</th><th>Sofa</th><th>Table</th><th>Chair</th><th>Storage</th><th>Recliner</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Duroflex</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sheela Foam</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Wakefit</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Peps Industries</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>The Sleep Company</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: Company websites and Annual reports

Leading brands offer mattresses in varying sizes and thicknesses to cater to diverse consumer needs. Duroflex has the largest range of mattresses with 67 options, well ahead of Sheela Foam (33) and Wakefit (9). A broader portfolio allows players like Duroflex to address multiple customer segments, enhancing choice, comfort, and accessibility.

Exhibit 6.3: Range of Mattress Offerings by Leading Brands

<table><thead><tr><th>Player</th><th>Duroflex</th><th>Sheela Foam</th><th>Wakefit</th><th>Peps Industries</th><th>The Sleep Company</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><th>No. of Offerings</th><td>67</td><td>33</td><td>9</td><td>9</td><td>14</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: Company websites, The Knowledge Company Analysis

Key players in the mattress industry in India are rapidly enlarging their physical presence through a combination of company-owned and franchise formats to tap into growing demand across urban and semi-urban markets. Duroflex and other competitors are scaling their presence, particularly through Trade Stores, with Duroflex having second highest number of stores after Sheela Foam and has 5,576 trade stores of which around 60% are concentrated in South India. Also, Duroflex is one of the few brands with a strong omnichannel presence and has significantly scaled presence across both online and offline channels. Sheela Foam and Kurlon are among the leading national brands, collectively operating over 22,000 trade stores across the country. While the preferred formats for expansion for key players include MBOs, EBOs and through exclusive dealership of brands with retailers, players are increasingly adopting omnichannel strategies, blending their offline presence with digital platforms to offer customers a seamless shopping experience and reach untapped markets efficiently. As of FY2025, Duroflex products were available in over 5,408 trade stores, making it the second broadest distribution network in the Indian sleep and comfort solutions industry after Sheela Foam Limited. As of June 30, 2025, Duroflex products were offered in over 5,576 trade stores across 280+ cities.

Exhibit 6.4: Distribution reach of key players (FY 2025)

<table><thead><tr><th>Player</th><th>Geographical Presence (Cities & States)</th><th>Distributors/Dealers</th><th>Trade Stores</th><th>COCOs</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Duroflex</td><td>280+ cities, 24 states</td><td>-203 distributors for mattresses, furniture and accessories<br>-146 distributors for foam products</td><td>5,408 trade stores</td><td>71 stores</td></tr><tr><td>Sheela Foam Limited</td><td>3,800+ towns, 20 states</td><td>125+ distributors, 13,000+ dealer touchpoints</td><td>16,000+ MBOs, 6,000+ EBOs</td><td>29 stores</td></tr></tbody></table>