To arrive at the estimated costs to be incurred by our Company towards our marketing and advertisement spends, our Company has taken into account the historical expenditure incurred by our Company towards marketing and advertisement spends over the last three Financial Years and the three months period ended June 30, 2025.

Our Company has entered into several agreements in the past with third parties for marketing, advertising, sponsorship, and strategic support services. A summary of these agreements is provided below:

(i) Our Company has entered into an advertising agency agreement ("Agreement"), which includes digital marketing services, dated July 3, 2025, and effective from July 1, 2025 ("Effective Date"), with Enormous Brands LLP ("Agency"), a third-party marketing agency involved in the business of providing advertising agency services in India. The Agreement is valid for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date, expiring on June 30, 2026. The scope of services under the Agreement includes, inter alia, strategic, planning, creative development, media planning, digital marketing, public relations, and other related advertising and communication activities. The Agency also provides monthly performance reporting, key performance indicator management, suggestions for post boosts by providing strategic recommendation to enhance the reach and engagement of digital content, and influencer marketing services.

(ii) Our Company has entered into an agreement for digital marketing services dated April 1, 2025, effective from the same date ("Effective Date"), read with amendment to the agreement dated October 9, 2025, with Catalysts Team Solutions (OPC) Private Limited, a third-party agency engaged in the business of providing digital marketing consultation services ("Marketing Agreement"). The Marketing Agreement is valid for a period of 4 years from the Effective Date. The scope of services include keyword research and strategy, technical search engine optimisation ("SEO"), on-page SEO, off-page SEO, content strategy, local SEO, SEO analytics and reporting, programmatic SEO, conversion rate optimisation, routing payment for media spends of our Company across various digital and traditional advertising platforms under the Marketing Agreement. The Marketing Agreement records the intention of our Company to spend up to ₹510.00 million, over a course of three Financial Years, commencing from April 1, 2026 on the above-mentioned marketing activities.

(iii) Our Company has entered into an endorsement agreement executed on June 6, 2024, effective from May 15, 2023 ("Effective Date"), with Virat Kohli, a professional cricket player ("Endorsement Agreement"). The Endorsement Agreement is valid for a period of three years from the Effective Date, expiring on May 14, 2026. The scope of services under the Endorsement Agreement includes, inter alia, Virat Kohli providing personal services to endorse our Company's mattresses, beds, and sleep accessories under the Duroflex brand within India, including availability for photo and video and ad campaign shoots and social media posts.

## 4. General corporate purposes

Our Company proposes to deploy the balance Net Proceeds aggregating to ₹[•] million towards general corporate purposes, subject to such amount not exceeding 25% of the Gross Proceeds, in compliance with Regulation 7(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The general corporate purposes for which our Company proposes to utilise Net Proceeds may include but not restricted to strategic initiatives, funding growth opportunities, meeting exigencies, support functions, meeting general corporate expenses incurred by our Company, as may be applicable and such other factors as decided by our Board subject to compliance with applicable law, including provisions of the Companies Act.

The allocation or quantum of utilization of funds towards each of the above purposes will be determined by our Board, based on the amount actually available under this head and the business requirements of our Company, from time to time. Our Company's management shall have flexibility in utilising surplus amounts, if any. The amount to be utilized from the Net Proceeds towards general corporate purpose shall not be used for utilization for any of the other identified Objects.

## Means of Finance

The fund requirements set out in the aforesaid Objects are proposed to be met entirely from the Net Proceeds. Accordingly, our Company confirms that there is no requirement to make firm arrangements of finance through verifiable means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, excluding the amount to be raised from the Fresh Issue and existing identifiable accruals as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. In case of a shortfall in the Net Proceeds or any increase in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the Objects, our Company may explore a range of options, including utilizing our internal accruals.