DIVIDEND POLICY

The declaration and payment of dividends on our Equity Shares, if any, will be recommended by our Board and approved by our Shareholders in the Annual General Meeting, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and the applicable laws including the Companies Act, read with the rules notified thereunder, and the SEBI Listing Regulations, each as amended. Further the Board shall also have the absolute power to declare interim dividend in compliance with the Act. The dividend distribution policy of our Company was approved and adopted by our Board on October 11, 2025.

We may retain all our future earnings, if any, for purposes to be decided by our Company, subject to compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act. The quantum of dividend, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to financial commitments with respect to outstanding borrowings and interest thereon, financial requirement for business expansion and/or diversification, acquisition, etc., of new businesses, present and future capital expenditure plans of our Company including organic/ inorganic growth opportunities, our Company’s liquidity position including its present and expected obligations, cost of borrowings, profits of the Company, past dividend trend of the Company and the industry, other corporate action options including, bonus issue, buy back of shares, and any other relevant or material factor as may be deemed fit by the Board. The external factors on the basis of which our Company may declare the dividend shall inter alia include the state of economy and capital markets requiring our Company to maintain liquidity, evaluation of whether there are any exceptional circumstances in the global market, regulatory changes including introduction of new or changes in existing tax or regulatory requirements (including dividend distribution tax) having significant impact on our Company’s operations or finances. Additionally, the utilization of retained earnings shall be considered in a manner beneficial to the interest of the Company and its shareholders, based on factors such as strategic and long-term plans of the Company, future equity acquisitions, diversification opportunities, or any other criteria that may be considered relevant by the Board in this regard. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be impacted by a number of other factors, including restrictive covenants under the loan or financing documents, our Company is currently a party to or may enter into from time to time.

There is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in the future. For details in relation to risks involved in this regard, see “Risk Factors – Our Company may not be able to pay dividends in the future. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, profit after tax available for distribution, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditure and the terms of our financing arrangements” on page 60.

Our Company has not declared and paid any dividend during the period from July 1, 2025, until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and during the three months period ended June 30, 2025, and Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023.