The Registrar to the Offer shall submit the details of cancelled/withdrawn/deleted applications to the SCSB's on daily basis within 60 minutes of the Bid closure time from the Bid/ Offer Opening Date till the Bid/Offer Closing Date by obtaining the same from the Stock Exchanges. The SCSB's shall unblock such applications by the closing hours of the Working Day and submit the confirmation to the Book Running Lead Managers and the RTA on a daily basis, as per the format prescribed in SEBI ICDR Master Circular. To avoid duplication, the facility of re-initiation provided to Syndicate Members shall preferably be allowed only once per bid/batch and as deemed fit by the Stock Exchanges, after closure of the time for uploading Bids.

It is clarified that Bids shall be processed only after the application monies are blocked in the ASBA Account and Bids not uploaded on the electronic bidding system or in respect of which the full Bid Amount is not blocked by SCSBs or not blocked under the UPI Mechanism in the relevant ASBA Account, as the case may be, would be rejected.

Due to limitation of time available for uploading the Bids on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, Bidders are advised to submit their Bids one day prior to the Bid/Offer Closing Date and in any case no later than 1:00 p.m. IST on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bids are received on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, some Bids may not get uploaded due to lack of sufficient time. Such Bids that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under the Offer. Bids and any revision in Bids will be accepted only during Working Days during the Bid/ Offer Period. Bidders may please note that as per letter no. List/SMD/SM/2006 dated July 3, 2006 and letter no. NSE/IPO/25101-6 dated July 6, 2006 issued by BSE and NSE, respectively, Bids and any revision in Bids shall not be accepted on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays as declared by the Stock Exchanges. Bids by ASBA Bidders shall be uploaded by the relevant Designated Intermediary in the electronic system to be provided by the Stock Exchanges. None among our Company, the Selling Shareholders or any member of the Syndicate is liable for any failure in (i) uploading the Bids due to faults in any software/ hardware system or otherwise; and (ii) the blocking of Bid Amount in the ASBA Account on receipt of instructions from the Sponsor Bank on account of any errors, omissions or non-compliance by various parties involved in, or any other fault, malfunctioning or breakdown in, or otherwise, in the UPI Mechanism. The Designated Intermediaries shall modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Offer Period till 5:00 pm on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information to the Registrar to the Offer for further processing.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, reserve the right to revise the Price Band during the Bid/ Offer Period in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The revision in the Price Band shall not exceed 20% on either side, i.e. the Floor Price can move up or down to the extent of 20% of the Floor Price and the Cap Price will be revised accordingly. In all circumstances, the Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Floor Price shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.

In case of revision in the Price Band, the Bid/ Offer Period shall be extended for at least three additional Working Days after such revision, subject to the Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar unforeseen circumstances, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/Offer Period for a minimum of one Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. Any revision in Price Band, and the revised Bid/Offer Period, if applicable, shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a press release and also by indicating the change on the respective websites of the BRLMs and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank(s), as applicable. In case of revision of Price Band, the Bid Lot shall remain the same.

In case of discrepancy in data entered in the electronic book vis-vis data contained in the Bid cum Application Form for a particular Bidder, the details as per the Bid file received from the Stock Exchanges shall be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment.

## Minimum Subscription

In the event our Company does not receive a minimum subscription of 90% of the Fresh Issue on Bid / Offer Closing Date, or a subscription in the Offer as specified under Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, including through devolvement of Underwriters, as applicable, within sixty (60) days from the date of Bid Closing Date, or if the subscription level falls below the thresholds mentioned above after the Bid Closing Date, on account of withdrawal of applications or after technical rejections or any other reason, or if the listing or trading permission is not obtained from the Stock Exchanges for the Equity Shares being offered under the Red Herring Prospectus, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received in accordance with applicable law. If there is a delay beyond four days, our Company and every Director of our Company who is an officer in default, to the extent applicable, shall pay interest as prescribed under applicable law.

In the event of under-subscription in the Offer, subject to receiving minimum subscription for 90% of the Fresh Issue and compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, the Allotment for the balance valid Bids will be made first towards all the Offered Shares, and subsequently towards the balance 10% of the Fresh Issue portion.