<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Activity</td><td>Responsibility</td><td>Coordinator</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><ul><li>Finalising the list and division of domestic investors for one-to one meetings</li><li>Finalising domestic road show and investor meeting schedules</li></ul></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Conduct non-institutional marketing of the Offer:<ul><li>Finalising media, marketing and public relations strategy;</li><li>Formulating strategies for marketing to Non - Institutional Investors.</li></ul></td><td>BRLMs</td><td>Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Conduct retail marketing of the Offer, which will cover, inter-alia:<ul><li>Finalising media, marketing, public relations strategy and publicity budget</li><li>Finalising collection centres</li><li>Finalising centres for holding conferences for brokers, etc. Follow-up on distribution of publicity and Offer material including form, RHP/Prospectus and deciding on the quantum of the Offer material</li></ul></td><td>BRLMs</td><td>JM Financial Limited</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Coordination with Stock Exchanges for book building software, bidding terminals, mock trading, anchor coordination, anchor CAN and intimation of anchor allocation</td><td>BRLMs</td><td>Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Managing the book and finalization of pricing in consultation with Company</td><td>BRLMs</td><td>Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>Post bidding activities including management of escrow accounts, coordinate non-institutional allocation, coordination with Registrar, SCSBs and Bankers to the Offer, intimation of allocation and dispatch of refund to Bidders, etc.<br>Post-Offer activities, which shall involve essential follow-up steps including allocation to Anchor Investors, follow-up with Bankers to the Offer and SCSBs to get quick estimates of collection and advising the Issuer about the closure of the Offer, based on correct figures, finalisation of the basis of allotment or weeding out of multiple applications, listing of instruments, dispatch of certificates or demat credit and refunds and coordination with various agencies connected with the post-Offer activity such as registrar to the Offer, Bankers to the Offer, SCSBs including responsibility for underwriting arrangements, as applicable.<br>Co-ordination with SEBI and Stock Exchanges for submission of all post Offer reports including the post Offer report to SEBI.</td><td>BRLMs</td><td>Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Book Building Process

Book building, in the context of the Offer, refers to the process of collection of Bids from Bidders on the basis of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid Cum Application Forms and the Revision Forms within the Price Band, which will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, and which will either be included in the Red Herring Prospectus or will be advertised in all editions of [●], an English national daily newspaper, all editions of [●], a Malayalam national daily newspaper (Malayalam being the regional language of Kerala, where our Registered Office is located), each with wide circulation, at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their respective websites. The Offer Price shall be determined by our Company and the Book Running Lead Managers after the Bid/Offer Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details, see "Offer Procedure" on page 432.

All Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) shall participate in this Offer mandatorily through the ASBA process by providing the details of their respective bank accounts in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs. In addition to this, the RIBs may participate through the ASBA process by either (a) providing the details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs; or (b) through the UPI Mechanism. Pursuant to SEBI ICDR Master Circular, all individual bidders in initial public offerings whose application sizes are up to ₹[●] million shall use the UPI Mechanism. Non-Institutional Investors with an application size of up to ₹ 0.50 million shall use the UPI Mechanism and shall also provide their UPI ID in the Bid cum Application