CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Details of the share capital of our Company, as at the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, are as set forth below:

(in ₹, except share data)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Aggregate value at face value</th><th>Aggregate value at Offer Price*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>A</strong><br>AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL<sup>(1)</sup></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares comprising:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>111,900,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each</td><td>111,900,000</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Preference Shares comprising:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1,000 Preference Shares of face value ₹100 each</td><td>100,000</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>112,000,000</strong></td><td><strong>-</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>B</strong><br>ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID-UP SHARE CAPITAL BEFORE THE OFFER</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares comprising:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>95,612,576 Equity shares of face value ₹1 each</td><td>95,612,576</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>95,612,576</strong></td><td><strong>-</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>C</strong><br>PRESENT OFFER<sup>(2)</sup></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Offer of up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[•] million<sup>(3)(4)</sup></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>of which</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue of up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹ 1,836.00 million<sup>(3)</sup></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Offer for Sale of up to 22,564,569 Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹ [•]<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Employee Reservation Portion of up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each<sup>(5)</sup></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Net Offer of up to [•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td><strong>D</strong><br>ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID-UP SHARE CAPITAL AFTER THE OFFER</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>[•] Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each*</td><td>[•]</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>E</strong><br>SECURITIES PREMIUM ACCOUNT</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Before the Offer</td><td></td><td>2,750,726,167</td></tr><tr><td>After the Offer*</td><td></td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

* To be updated upon finalisation of the Offer Price, and subject to the Basis of Allotment.

(1) For details of changes in the authorised share capital of our Company since incorporation, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Amendments to our MoA in the last 10 years” on page 232.

(2) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement aggregating up to ₹367.20 million, as may be permitted under the applicable law, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the allotment of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the general corporate purposes portion of the Objects of the Offer, unless auditor certified disclosures are made with regards to its utilization towards the disclosed specific Objects of the Offer. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer, or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(3) The Offer has been authorised by our Board pursuant to the resolution passed at its meeting dated October 11, 2025 and by our Shareholders pursuant to the special resolution passed at their extraordinary general meeting dated October 11, 2025.

(4) Our Board has taken on record the consents of each of the Selling Shareholders to participate in the Offer for Sale, pursuant to its resolution dated October 15, 2025. The Selling Shareholders have confirmed and approved their participation in the Offer for Sale and their eligibility to participate in the Offer for Sale in accordance with Regulation 8 and 8A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For further details, see “The Offer” and “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” on pages 69 and 408, respectively.

(5) Eligible Employees bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion must ensure that the maximum Bid Amount does not exceed ₹0.50 million. However, the initial Allotment to an Eligible Employee in the Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed ₹0.20 million. Only in the event of an under-subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion post the initial Allotment, such unsubscribed portion may be Allotted on a proportionate basis to Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion, for a value in excess of ₹0.20 million, subject to the total Allotment to an Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹0.50 million.

85