<table><thead><tr><td>Category</td><td>Colour of Bid cum Application Form*</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Eligible NRIs, FVCIs, FPIs and registered bilateral and multilateral institutions applying on a repatriation basis<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investors<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion<sup>(3)</sup></td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Excluding electronic Bid cum Application Forms

Notes:

(1) Electronic Bid cum Application forms and the Abridged Prospectus will also be available for download on the website of NSE (www.nseindia.com) and BSE (www.bseindia.com)

(2) Bid cum Application Forms for Anchor Investors shall be available at the office of the BRLMs

(3) Bid cum Application Forms for Eligible Employees for Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion shall be available at the Registered Office of the Company.

In case of ASBA forms, the relevant Designated Intermediaries shall upload the relevant bid details in the electronic bidding system of the Stock Exchanges and the Stock Exchanges shall accept the ASBA applications in their electronic bidding system only with a mandatory confirmation on application monies blocked. For UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism, the Stock Exchanges shall share the Bid details (including UPI ID) with the Sponsor Bank(s) on a continuous basis to enable the Sponsor Bank(s) to initiate UPI Mandate Request to UPI Bidders for blocking of funds. For ASBA Forms (other than UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism) Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) shall submit/deliver the ASBA Forms to the respective SCSB where the Bidder has an ASBA bank account and shall not submit it to any non-SCSB bank or any Escrow Collection Bank. Stock Exchanges shall validate the electronic bids with the records of the CDP for DP ID / Client ID and PAN, on a real time basis and bring inconsistencies to the notice of the relevant Designated Intermediaries, for rectification and re-submission within the time specified by Stock Exchanges. Stock Exchanges shall allow modification of either DP ID / Client ID or PAN ID, bank code and location code in the Bid details already uploaded.

For UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism, the Stock Exchanges shall share the Bid details (including UPI ID) with the Sponsor Bank(s) on a continuous basis through API integration to enable the Sponsor Bank(s) to initiate UPI Mandate Request to UPI Bidders for blocking of funds. The Sponsor Bank(s) shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to UPI Bidders, who shall accept the UPI Mandate Request for blocking of funds on their respective mobile applications associated with UPI ID linked bank account. The NPCI shall maintain an audit trail for every Bid entered in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform, and the liability to compensate the UPI Bidders (Bidding through UPI Mechanism) in case of failed transactions shall be with the concerned entity (i.e., the Sponsor Bank(s), NPCI or the issuer bank) at whose end the lifecycle of the transaction has come to a halt. The NPCI shall share the audit trail of all disputed transactions/ investor complaints to the Sponsor Bank(s) and the issuer bank. The Sponsor Bank(s) and the Bankers to the Offer shall provide the audit trail to the Book Running Lead Managers for analysing the same and fixing liability.

For ensuring timely information to Bidders, SCSBs shall send SMS alerts for mandate block and unblock including details specified in SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022. In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022, for all pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Bank shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid/Offer Closing Date ("Cut-Off Time"). Accordingly, UPI Bidders Bidding through the UPI Mechanism should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking off funds prior to the Cut-Off Time and all pending UPI Mandate Requests at the Cut-Off Time shall lapse. Further, modification/cancellation of Bids (if any) shall be allowed in parallel during the Bid/Offer Period until the Cut-Off Time.

The Sponsor Bank(s) will undertake a reconciliation of Bid responses received from Stock Exchanges and sent to NPCI and will also ensure that all the responses received from NPCI are sent to the Stock Exchanges platform with detailed error code and description, if any. Further, the Sponsor Bank(s) will undertake reconciliation of all Bid requests and responses throughout their lifecycle on daily basis and share reports with the BRLMs in the format and within the timelines as specified under the UPI Circulars. Sponsor Bank(s) and issuer banks shall download UPI settlement files and raw data files from the NPCI portal after every settlement cycle and do a three-way reconciliation with Banks UPI switch data, CBS data and UPI raw data. NPCI is required to coordinate with issuer banks and Sponsor Bank(s) on a continuous basis.

The Sponsor Bank(s) shall host a web portal for intermediaries (closed user group) from the date of Bid/ Offer Opening Date until the date of listing of the Equity Shares with details of statistics of mandate blocks/unblocks, performance of apps and UPI handles, down-time/network latency (if any) across intermediaries and any such processes having an impact/bearing on the Offer Bidding process.

The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs) only after such banks provide a written confirmation in accordance the SEBI RTA Master Circular and the SEBI ICDR Master Circular in a format as prescribed by SEBI, from time to time, and such payment of processing fees to the SCSBs shall be made in compliance with circulars prescribed by SEBI and applicable law.