from a chartered accountant certifying the corpus of the provident fund/pension fund must be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs reserves the right to reject any Bid, without assigning any reason thereof.

## Bids under power of attorney

In case of Bids made pursuant to a power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate bodies, registered societies, Eligible FPIs, AIFs, Mutual Funds, insurance companies, systemically important NBFCs, insurance funds set up by the army, navy or air force of the India, insurance funds set up by the Department of Posts, India or the National Investment Fund and provident funds with a minimum corpus of ₹250 million (subject to applicable law) and pension funds with a minimum corpus of ₹250 million, a certified copy of the power of attorney or the relevant resolution or authority, as the case may be, along with a certified copy of the memorandum of association and articles of association and/or bye laws must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs reserve the right to accept or reject any Bid in whole or in part, in either case, without assigning any reason thereof.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs in their absolute discretion, reserve the right to relax the above condition of simultaneous lodging of the power of attorney along with the Bid cum Application Form subject to the terms and conditions that our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs may deem fit.

## Bids by Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Companies

In case of Bids made by Systemically Important NBFCs registered with RBI, certified copies of: (i) the certificate of registration issued by RBI, (ii) certified copy of its last audited financial statements on a standalone basis and a net worth certificate from its statutory auditors, and (iii) such other approval as may be required by the Systemically Important NBFCs, are required to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable law. Systemically Important NBFCs participating in the Offer shall comply with all applicable regulations, guidelines and circulars issued by RBI from time to time.

The investment limit for Systemically Important NBFCs shall be as prescribed by RBI from time to time.

### In accordance with existing regulations issued by the RBI, OCBs cannot participate in the Offer.

The above information is given for the benefit of the Bidders. Our Company, each of the Selling Shareholders and the BRLMs are not liable for any amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that any single Bid from them does not exceed the applicable investment limits or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or regulation or as specified in the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, when filed.

## Information for Bidders

The relevant Designated Intermediary will enter a maximum of three Bids at different price levels opted in the Bid cum Application Form and such options are not considered as multiple Bids. It is the Bidder's responsibility to obtain the Acknowledgment Slip from the relevant Designated Intermediary. The registration of the Bid by the Designated Intermediary does not guarantee that the Equity Shares shall be allocated/Allotted. Such Acknowledgement Slip will be non-negotiable and by itself will not create any obligation of any kind. When a Bidder revises his or her Bid, he/she shall surrender the earlier Acknowledgement Slip and may request for a revised acknowledgment slip from the relevant Designated Intermediary as proof of his or her having revised the previous Bid.

In relation to electronic registration of Bids, the permission given by the Stock Exchanges to use their network and software of the electronic bidding system should not in any way be deemed or construed to mean that the compliance with various statutory and other requirements by our Company, the Selling Shareholders and/or the BRLMs are cleared or approved by the Stock Exchanges; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of compliance with the statutory and other requirements, nor does it take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of our Company, the management or any scheme or project of our Company; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of the contents of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or the Red Herring Prospectus; nor does it warrant that the Equity Shares will be listed or will continue to be listed on the Stock Exchanges.

## General Instructions

Please note that QIBs and NIBs are not permitted to withdraw their Bid(s) or lower the size of their Bid(s) (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. RIBs can revise their Bid(s) during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bid(s) until Bid/Offer Closing Date. Anchor Investors are not allowed to withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bid/Offer Period.