commerce entities, promote the sale of domestic products through e-commerce platforms, and more broadly, provide for the regulation of e-commerce activities within India. At present, DPIIT is in the process of preparing a revised draft of the policy.

**The Guidelines for Prevention of Misleading Advertisements and Endorsements for Misleading Advertisements, 2022 ("Advertisement Guidelines")**

The Advertisement Guidelines provide for the prevention of false or misleading advertisements and making endorsements relating thereto. The Advertisement Guidelines apply inter alia to a manufacturer and to all advertisements regardless of form, format or medium. The Advertisement Guidelines lay down the conditions for non-misleading and valid advertisement and prohibit surrogate or indirect advertisements of goods or services. Further the Advertisement Guidelines lay down duties of inter alia a manufacturer and provide inter alia that every manufacturer shall ensure that all descriptions, claims and comparisons in an advertisement which relate to matters of objectively ascertainable facts shall be capable of substantiation. The Advertisement Guidelines further provide that any endorsement in an advertisement must reflect the genuine, reasonably current opinion of the individual, group or organization making such representation and must be based on adequate information about, or experience with, the identified goods, product or service and must not otherwise be deceptive.

**Legal Metrology Act, 2009 ("LM Act") and the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011 ("Packaged Commodity Rules")**

The LM Act establishes and enforces standards for weights and measures, as well as regulates trade and commerce involving goods that are sold by weight, measure, or number. The LM Act encompasses the requirements related to the labelling and packaging of commodities, mandates verification of weights and measures, and prescribes penalties for non-compliance. Under the LM Act, the Controller of the Legal Metrology Department is authorized to grant licenses, and manufacturers dealing with weighing and measuring instruments are required to obtain a license from the relevant state department. Violations of the LM Act may result in monetary penalties, seizure of goods, or imprisonment. The Packaged Commodity Rules framed pursuant to the LM Act, regulate the pre-packaging and sale of packaged commodities. These rules detail the mandatory declarations to be made on packages, including the name and address of the manufacturer, as well as the commodity's dimensions, and its weight or measure. Amendments to the Packaged Commodity Rules introduced in 2017 enhanced consumer protection by eliminating the dual maximum retail price system, improving the visibility of retail prices, and expressly bringing e-commerce transactions within the purview of these rules. The Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) (Amendment) Rules, 2023, further strengthen the LM Act by introducing stricter packaging and labelling requirements, enhancing consumer protection measures, and updating compliance obligations for both manufacturers and e-commerce platforms.

**The Sale of Goods Act, 1930 ("Sale of Goods Act")**

The Sale of Goods Act governs contracts pertaining to the sale of goods. Such contracts are also subject to the overarching principles of contract law as set out in the Indian Contract Act, 1872. However, contracts for the sale of goods exhibit certain distinct features, such as, including the transfer of ownership, delivery of goods, the rights and obligations of the buyer and seller, remedies available for breach of contract, and the conditions and warranties implied in a contract for the sale of goods, etc., which are specifically addressed under the provisions of the Sale of Goods Act.

**The Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 ("BIS Act")**

The BIS Act establishes the BIS as the national body responsible for the harmonious development of standardisation, conformity assessment, and quality assurance activities in relation to goods, articles, processes, systems, and services, as well as matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. Under the BIS Act, the functions of BIS include, among other things: (a) recognising as an Indian standard any standard established for any article or process by any institution in India or abroad; (b) specifying a standard mark, the design and particulars of which may be prescribed, to indicate compliance with a particular Indian standard; (c) undertaking the testing of samples for purposes other than conformity assessment; and (d) engaging in activities related to legal metrology. Furthermore, the BIS Act empowers the Central Government, in consultation with BIS, to mandate the compulsory use of the standard mark for any goods or articles pertaining to any scheduled industry.

**The Petroleum Act, 1934 (the "Petroleum Act") and Petroleum Rules, 2002 (the "Petroleum Rules")**

The Petroleum Act regulates the import, transport, production, refining, storage and blending of petroleum. Further, it empowers the Government to prescribe standards for pipelines, testing apparatus and storage receptacles for petroleum, and to inspect, make entry, search and certify grades of petroleum involved in a particular establishment. The Petroleum Rules require every person importing, transferring, or storing petroleum of particular grades to do so only in accordance with a license granted under the Petroleum Rules. Every person desiring to obtain a license to import and store petroleum is required to submit to the licensing authority an application for registration in the prescribed format within the specified time limit. On application for renewal, a license may be renewed provided that a license which has been granted by the chief controller may be renewed without alteration, by a controller duly authorized by the chief controller.