smooth transition to the UPI payment mechanism, the UPI Circulars have introduced the UPI Mechanism in three phases in the
following manner:

**Phase I:** This phase was applicable from January 1, 2019, until March 31, 2019, or floating of five main board public issues, whichever was later. Subsequently, the timeline for implementation of Phase I was extended until June 30, 2019. Under this phase, a RIB had the option to submit the ASBA Form with any of the Designated Intermediary and use his/ her UPI ID for the purpose of blocking of funds. The time duration from public issue closure to listing continued to be six Working Days.

**Phase II:** This phase was applicable from July 1, 2019 and was to initially continue for a period of three months or floating of five main board public issues, whichever is later. SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 had decided to extend the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II until March 31, 2020. Subsequently, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, had extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II until further notice. Under this phase, submission of the ASBA Form by RIBs through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and replaced by the UPI Mechanism. However, the time duration from public issue closure to listing continued to be six Working Days during this phase.

**Phase III:** This phase had become applicable on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 1, 2023, vide SEBI circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 ("T+3 Notification") subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time, including any circular, clarification or notification which may be issued by SEBI. In this phase, the time duration from public issue closure to listing has been reduced to three Working Days.

The Offer will be made under UPI Phase III of the UPI Circular (on mandatory basis). The Offer will be advertised in all editions of [●], a widely circulated English national daily newspaper and in all editions of [●], a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper and in all editions of [●], a widely circulated Malayalam daily newspaper (Malayalam being the regional language of Kerala, where our Registered Office is located) each with wide circulation on or prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date and such advertisement shall also be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their websites.

All SCSBs offering facility of making application in public issues shall also provide facility to make application using UPI.
Our Company will be required to appoint SCSBs as the Sponsor Bank(s) to act as conduits between the Stock Exchanges and
NPCI in order to facilitate collection of requests and / or payment instructions of the UPI Bidders.

Individual investors bidding under the Non-Institutional Portion bidding for more than ₹0.20 million and up to ₹0.50 million using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid-cum-Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

Pursuant to the UPI Circulars, SEBI has set out specific requirements for redressal of investor grievances for applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the UPI Circulars include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI, the requirement for SCSBs to send SMS alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than one day from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law.

The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs) only after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with SEBI ICDR Master Circular.

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, SEBI has set out specific requirements for redressal of investor grievances for applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the SEBI ICDR Master Circular include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI, the requirement for SCSBs to send SMS alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than one Working Day from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law. Further, in terms of the UPI Circulars, the payment of processing fees to the SCSBs shall be undertaken pursuant to an application made by the SCSBs to the BRLMs, and such application shall be made only after (i) unblocking of application amounts for each application received by the SCSB has been fully completed, and (ii) applicable compensation relating to investor complaints has been paid by the SCSB.

For further details, refer to the General Information Document available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLMs.