<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Advertisement and sales promotion expenses as a percentage of Revenue from operations</td><td>5.49%</td><td>6.44%</td><td>7.76%</td><td>7.18%</td></tr></tbody></table>

We intend to enhance our brand salience and awareness through strategic initiatives. Through our R&D driven product innovations, content-based marketing, and celebrity and influencer driven campaigns, we aim to create thought leadership, health awareness on the importance of sleep, and customer aspiration for premium mattresses. For further details, see “*Our Business – Our Strategy – Further strengthen our brand equity through targeted marketing initiatives*” on page 198.

**Our diversified, omni-channel distribution network**

We have a comprehensive omnichannel distribution network covering our COCO stores, general trade stores, e-commerce channels, branded foam as well as institutional and OEM sales. Our COCO stores offer immersive product experiences, while general trade stores expand our reach through trade outlets throughout India. In e-commerce channels, we sell via our websites as well as in major marketplaces. Our general trade stores connect us with distributors and retailers across India, providing valuable market insights. Our strong marketing initiatives ensure that customers can discover our brand through various touchpoints such as search engines, social media, OTT platforms, marketplaces, and physical retail stores. The table below sets forth details of revenue from our channels for the period/years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Channels</th><th colspan="2">Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Modern retail channels* (A= A1 + A2)</td><td>800.25</td><td>27.36%</td><td>2,812.70</td><td>24.80%</td><td>3,267.18</td><td>29.83%</td><td>2,988.90</td><td>28.26%</td></tr><tr><td>COCO Stores (A1)</td><td>273.58</td><td>9.36%</td><td>886.84</td><td>7.82%</td><td>727.56</td><td>6.64%</td><td>576.96</td><td>5.45%</td></tr><tr><td>E-commerce Channels (A2)</td><td>526.67</td><td>18.00%</td><td>1,925.86</td><td>16.98%</td><td>2,539.62</td><td>23.19%</td><td>2,411.94</td><td>22.81%</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Stores** (B)</td><td>808.26</td><td>27.63%</td><td>3,275.58</td><td>28.88%</td><td>3,095.70</td><td>28.26%</td><td>3,401.45</td><td>32.17%</td></tr><tr><td>Branded foam, institutional and OEM channels*** (C)</td><td>1,316.68</td><td>45.01%</td><td>5,254.22</td><td>46.32%</td><td>4,590.08</td><td>41.91%</td><td>4,184.52</td><td>39.57%</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operations (D) = (A + B + C)</td><td>2,925.19</td><td>100.00%</td><td>11,342.50</td><td>100.00%</td><td>10,952.96</td><td>100.00%</td><td>10,574.87</td><td>100.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Modern retail channels include our websites, third party e-commerce platforms and COCO Stores.

** Trade Stores consist of our general trade channel, which includes sales to distributors, dealers and directly to trade stores.

*** Includes supplying to large institutions, hospitality players, and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”)

The continued growth in our revenue from operations through a well-balanced omnichannel network is a pivotal factor influencing our results of operations. If this growth continues, we anticipate higher revenues, a stronger market position, and improved customer insights.

Further, our strategy includes the opening of additional COCO stores in newer geographies and expanding COCO stores for both Duroflex and Sleepyhead and expanding our general trade stores and e-commerce channels. For further information, see “*Our Business - Our Strategy - Further expand each of our distribution channels, especially experience centres in a profitable manner*” and “*Objects of the Offer*” on page 198 and 116. An inability to appropriately identify suitable locations or set up the most appropriate store-format at a particular location, or to negotiate commercially reasonable lease terms, may increase our payback periods, result in store closures, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, as we expand our network of COCO stores, we anticipate an increase in rent expenses. If we are unable to generate adequate revenues from these new stores, the increased rent expenses could strain our financial results, potentially leading to lower profit margins or even losses. However, with our experience of setting up stores in various parts of India, we believe that we are well positioned to leverage on opportunities for expansion.

**Our ability to improve manufacturing efficiency**