Annexure VII - Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information (continued)

(All amounts are in Rs. million, except share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated)

42 Contingent Liabilities and commitments

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>As at<br>30 June 2025</th><th>As at<br>31 March 2025</th><th>As at<br>31 March 2024</th><th>As at<br>31 March 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>(i) Contingent liabilities:</strong><br>Claims against companies not acknowledged as debts (see note below)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>(a) Taxation matters:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(i) Sales tax cases</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Matters relating to incorrect categorisation of goods and difference in the interstate stock transfers between the annual report filed and the financials</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>35.93</td><td>95.10</td></tr><tr><td>(ii) Income tax cases</td><td>148.63</td><td>148.63</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>(iii) Goods and services tax</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Matters relating to incorrect availment of input tax credit, mismatch between GSTR9 and GSTR3B and mismatch between GSTR2A and GSTR3B</td><td>350.61</td><td>356.84</td><td>361.43</td><td>10.30</td></tr></tbody></table>

(b) In the year 1999-2000, the management had transferred the loans of Rs. 4.28 million and Rs. 15.06 million taken from Indian Jute Industries Research (IJIRA) and Technology Information, Forecasting and Assessment Council (TIFAC) respectively to Capital Reserve. These loans were conditional loans and were to be repaid only if the Group succeeded in commercialising the products developed by the research activities. The Group had not succeeded in commercialising the products developed by the research activities and the Board of directors of the Group on the basis of the legal opinion and based on the technical report are of the opinion that the project did not result in the commercialisation of any product and as such the loan from Indian Jute Industries Research Association (IJIRA) and Technology Information, Forecasting and Assessment Council (TIFAC) is not repayable. TIFAC had referred the matter to Arbitration. The Arbitration order was set aside by the Hon'ble District Court Alappuzha and referred back to the Arbitrator. Subsequent to the same, TIFAC had requested the Group to enter into a settlement. The Group is of the view that the amount is not payable as the project was not successful. The management has not received any communication from IJIRA and has proposed to make legal representation to get a No Due Certificate. The Management is of the view that the matter will be settled judicially and hence nature of the liability remains unchanged as compared to the previous year.

(c) In February 2019, the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India, in its judgement, had clarified the applicability of allowances that should be considered within the expression of 'basic wages' to measure the provident fund contribution under the Employees' Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 ('EPF Act'). The Group had been legally advised that there were interpretative challenges on the application of judgement retrospectively and as such the Group did not believe that there is any probable obligation for the past periods. The Group does not expect any material impact for the same.

(d) Corporate guarantee given to Yes Bank Limited for the term loan taken by Shivaarna Technofoams Private Limited, a subsidiary for a facility amount of Rs. 251.90 million [(31 March 2025: Rs. 251.90 million) (31 March 2024: Rs. 337.10 million) (31 March 2023: 537.00 million)].

(ii) Commitments

Contracts remaining to be executed on Capital account in relation to Property, plant and equipment and not provided for Rs. 64.72 million [(31 March 2025: Rs 116.90 million) (31 March 2024: Rs 62.95 million) (31 March 2023: Rs 73.85 million)]

43 Earnings Per Share

Basic and diluted

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>For the three months<br>period ended<br>30 June 2025</th><th>For the year ended<br>31 March 2025</th><th>For the year ended<br>31 March 2024</th><th>For the year ended<br>31 March 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net profit/(loss) for the period / year attributable to the equity shareholders</td><td>56.39</td><td>471.63</td><td>112.00</td><td>(154.74)</td></tr><tr><td>Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period / year for Basic EPS (A) [refer below note (a) and (b)]</td><td>95,612,576</td><td>95,612,576</td><td>95,612,576</td><td>95,612,576</td></tr><tr><td>Effect of potential equity shares on employee stock option outstanding (B) (refer below notes)</td><td>110,319</td><td>116,875</td><td>261,167</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for computing diluted earnings per share [A+B] (refer below notes)</td><td>95,722,895</td><td>95,729,451</td><td>95,873,743</td><td>95,612,576</td></tr><tr><td>Par value per share [refer below note (a)]</td><td>1.00</td><td>1.00</td><td>1.00</td><td>1.00</td></tr><tr><td>Basic earnings per share</td><td><strong>0.59</strong></td><td><strong>4.93</strong></td><td><strong>1.17</strong></td><td><strong>(1.62)</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Diluted earnings per share [refer below note (c)]</td><td><strong>0.59</strong></td><td><strong>4.93</strong></td><td><strong>1.17</strong></td><td><strong>(1.62)</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

Notes:

a. Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders of the Company at the Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on October 23, 2024, the Company has sub-divided its equity share of face value ₹ 10/- (Rupees ten only) each fully paid-up, into 10 (ten) equity shares of face value ₹ 1/- (Rupee one only) each fully paid-up, effective from October 23, 2024.

b. The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 8 September 2025, has recommended the bonus issue of equity shares in the ratio of 3:5 i.e., 3 equity shares will be issued for every 5 existing fully paid-up equity share held by the shareholder, which was further approved by the shareholders by means of a special resolution in their Extra Ordinary General Meeting dated 25 September 2025. The record date for the bonus share is 23 September 2025.

As required under Ind AS – 33, "Earnings per share", the effect of sub-division and bonus as mentioned above is adjusted for the purpose of computing earnings per share for all the periods presented retrospectively.

c. Potential equity shares on account of ESOPs are anti dilutive in nature for the year ended 31 March 2023. Accordingly, the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year for calculation of basic EPS is used for calculation of diluted EPS in terms of Ind AS 33 "Earning per share".