<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional Investors</th><th>Retail Individual Investors</th><th>Eligible Employees</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Companies, in accordance with applicable laws including FEMA Rules</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Terms of Payment</td><td colspan="4"><strong>In case of Anchor Investors:</strong> Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of their Bids<sup>(4)</sup><br/><strong>In case of all other Bidders:</strong> Full Bid Amount shall be blocked by the SCSBs in the bank account of the ASBA Bidders, or by the Sponsor Bank(s) through the UPI Mechanism (other than Anchor Investors) that is specified in the Bid cum Application Form at the time of the submission of the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr></tbody></table>

^ Assuming full subscription in the Offer

* SEBI vide its SEBI ICDR Master Circular has mandated that ASBA applications in public issues shall be processed only after the application monies are blocked in the investor's bank accounts. Accordingly, Stock Exchanges shall, for all categories of investors viz. Retail, QIB, NII and other reserved categories and also for all modes through which the applications are processed, accept the ASBA applications in their electronic book building platform only with a mandatory confirmation on the application monies blocked.

(1) Our Company may in consultation with the BRLMs, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Offer Price, on a discretionary basis, subject to there being (i) a maximum of two Anchor Investors, where allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion is up to ₹100 million, (ii) minimum of two and maximum of 15 Anchor Investors, where the allocation under the Anchor Investor Portion is more than ₹100 million but up to ₹2,500 million under the Anchor Investor Portion, subject to a minimum Allotment of ₹50.00 million per Anchor Investor, and (iii) in case of allocation above ₹2,500.00 million under the Anchor Investor Portion, a minimum of five such investors and a maximum of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹2,500.00 million, and an additional 10 Anchor Investors for every additional ₹2,500 million or part thereof will be permitted, subject to minimum allotment of ₹50.00 million per Anchor Investor. An Anchor Investor will make a minimum Bid of such number of Equity Shares, that the Bid Amount is at least ₹100.00 million. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion will be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the price at which allocation is made to Anchor Investors, which price shall be determined by the Company, in consultation with the BRLMs.

(2) This Offer is being made in accordance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, through the Book Building Process, in compliance with Regulation 6(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, wherein not less than 75% of the Net Offer will be available for allocation to QIBs on a proportionate basis, provided that the Anchor Investor Portion may be allocated on a discretionary basis. Further, not more than 15% of the Net Offer Offer will be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors, of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size exceeding ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million and two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹1.00 million and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Portion in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Further, not more than 10% of the Net Offer will be available for allocation to Retail Individual Investors in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Under-subscription, if any, in any category, except the QIB Portion, would be met with spill-over from any other category or categories, as applicable, at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLMs and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price and in accordance with applicable laws. Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories.

* Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can Bid up to a Bid Amount of ₹0.50 million However, a Bid by an Eligible Employee in the Employee Reservation Portion will be considered for allocation, in the first instance, for a Bid Amount of up to ₹0.20 million). In the event of undersubscription in the Employee Reservation Portion, the unsubscribed portion will be available for allocation and Allotment, proportionately to all Eligible Employees who have Bid in excess of ₹0.20 million, subject to the maximum value of Allotment made to such Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹0.50 million). Further, an Eligible Employee Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can also Bid in the Net Offer and such Bids will not be treated as multiple Bids subject to applicable limits. Eligible Employee can also apply under Retail Portion. However, Bids by Eligible Employees in the Employee Reservation Portion and in the Non-Institutional Portion shall be treated as multiple Bids, only if Eligible Employee has made an application of more than ₹ 0.20 million in the Employee Reservation Portion. The unsubscribed portion if any, in the Employee Reservation Portion shall be added back to the Net Offer. In case of under-subscription in the Net Offer, spill-over to the extent of such under-subscription shall be permitted from the Employee Reservation Portion. For further details, please see "Terms of the Offer" on page 422.

(3) In case of joint Bids, the Bid cum Application Form should contain only the name of the first Bidder whose name should also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such first Bidder would be required in the Bid cum Application Form and such first Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders.

(4) Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-In Date as indicated in the CAN. Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Selling Shareholders, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion or the Retail Portion would be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLMs and the Designated Stock Exchange, on a proportionate basis. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories. For further details, see "Terms of the Offer" on page 422.

Bids by FPIs with certain structures as described under "Offer Procedure - Bids by FPIs" on page 439 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately distributed.