OFFER STRUCTURE

The Offer is being made through the Book Building Process. The Offer is of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (including a premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹[●] million comprising of a Fresh Issue of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹ 1,836.00 million by our Company and an Offer of Sale of up to 22,564,569 Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[●] million by the Selling Shareholders. For further details, see “The Offer” on page 69.

Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider Pre-IPO Placement aggregating up to ₹367.20 million, as may be permitted under the applicable law, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. The utilisation of the proceeds raised pursuant to the allotment of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be done towards the general corporate purposes portion of the Objects of the Offer, unless auditor certified disclosures are made with regards to its utilization towards the disclosed specific Objects of the Offer. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer, or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

The Offer includes a reservation of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each aggregating to ₹[●] million for subscription by Eligible Employees. The Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed 5% of our post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital.

The Offer comprises a Net Offer of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each.

The Offer and Net Offer shall constitute [●]% and [●]%, respectively, of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company.

The Offer is being made through Book Building Process, in compliance with Regulation 6(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations as our Company does not meet the requirement specified under Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and relevant provisions of the Companies Act. For further details, please refer to “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Eligibility for the Offer” on page 409.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional Investors</th><th>Retail Individual Investors</th><th>Eligible Employees</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for Allotment/allocation<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each available for allocation or Net Offer less allocation to QIBs and Retail Individual Investors</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each available for allocation or Net Offer less allocation to QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹1 each aggregating up to ₹[●] million</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Offer Size available for Allotment or allocation</td><td>Not less than 75% of the Net Offer size shall be available for allocation to QIBs. 5% of Net QIB Portion will be available for allocation proportionately to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining balance Net QIB Portion. The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be available for allocation to other QIBs.</td><td>Not more than 15% of the Net Offer or the Net Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and Retail Individual Investors will be available for allocation out of which:<br>(a) One-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size exceeding ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million; and<br>(b) two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders</td><td>Not more than 10% of the Net Offer or the Net Offer less allocation to QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>The Employee Reservation Portion constitutes up to [●]% of the post-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company</td></tr></tbody></table>