We follow a multi-pronged approach towards marketing, spanning celebrity, cricket & athletic collaborations, community engagement, social media influencers and marketing campaigns. Our marketing strategy follows a targeted approach for different products and customer categories. Set forth below are certain examples of the key elements of our marketing approach:

*   **Celebrity collaborations:** we have collaborated with several celebrities (across sports, films and music) to promote our products, enhance the reach and appeal of our brand and deepen consumer trust. For example, we collaborated with Virat Kohli for our Duroflex brand and with Ranveer Singh (From June 27, 2022 to June 26, 2024) for our Sleepyhead brand.

*   **Cricket and athletic collaborations:** We collaborated with a franchisee cricket team in the Indian Premier League during the 2024 season, as their official sleep partner and partnered with one of India's Olympic athlete training facilities to support Indian Olympic-level athletes with high-performance sleep solutions. As part of our collaboration, the team used mattresses from our Duropedic range throughout the tournament. To mark this collaboration, we also launched limited edition mattresses and pillows during the season.

*   **Content driven marketing:** Our content driven marketing strategy focuses on educating customers on the benefits of sleep and the importance of an orthopedic mattress for good spinal support. We proactively communicate these benefits through a number of advertising campaigns. Our website also contains useful content (in the form of articles, Q&A pieces and videos) on topics such as selection of mattresses and sofas. Further, we have also launched other campaigns on occasions such as International Women's Day and Father's Day.

*   **Collaborations with marketplaces:** We collaborated with a fashion and lifestyle e-commerce platform to become the first mattress brand on the platform. Our campaign 'Sleep Great to Look Good', positioned sleep as a key part of personal style and wellness. Driven by our focus on e-commerce marketplaces, our Duroflex and Sleepyhead brands combined are estimated to be among the top two players in the e-commerce modern mattress market as of March 31, 2025, with our queen-size mattresses having an average rating of 4.3 on India's leading two horizontal online marketplaces as of June 30, 2025, according to the TKC Report.

*   **Social media influencers:** We have proactively developed a community of influencers across social media platforms. We select influencers to target identified products towards specific geographic and demographic groups of potential customers, based on their individualized follower demographics and alignment with our various Brands and products.

We maintain a disciplined approach to our marketing spend, focusing on achieving significant brand visibility and customer engagement. This approach ensures that our marketing efforts are both efficient and sustainable, contributing to our overall financial health. In the three months ended June 30, 2025, Fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, our advertisement and sales promotion expenses were ₹160.56 million, ₹730.11 million, ₹850.14 million and ₹758.81 million respectively, representing 5.49%, 6.44%, 7.76% and 7.18% of our revenue from operations, respectively.

## Well-diversified, Pan-India omnichannel distribution network

We are one of the few brands with a strong omnichannel presence and have significantly scaled presence across both online and offline channels, according to the TKC Report, with our comprehensive omnichannel distribution network covering our COCO Stores; e-commerce channels; general trade, including trade stores; institutional and OEM sales, as well as branded foam. The table below sets forth a break-up of our revenue from operations across various distribution channels:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Channels</th><th colspan="2">Three months period ended June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ million)</th><th>Percentage of Revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Modern retail channels* (A=A1+A2)</td><td>800.25</td><td>27.36%</td><td>2812.70</td><td>24.80%</td><td>3267.18</td><td>29.83%</td><td>2,988.90</td><td>28.26%</td></tr><tr><td>COCO Stores (A1)</td><td>273.58</td><td>9.36%</td><td>886.84</td><td>7.82%</td><td>727.56</td><td>6.64%</td><td>576.96</td><td>5.45%</td></tr><tr><td>Ecommerce Channels (A2)</td><td>526.67</td><td>18.00%</td><td>1,925.86</td><td>16.98%</td><td>2,539.62</td><td>23.19%</td><td>2,411.94</td><td>22.81%</td></tr><tr><td>Trade stores**(B)</td><td>808.26</td><td>27.63%</td><td>3,275.58</td><td>28.88%</td><td>3,095.70</td><td>28.26%</td><td>3,401.45</td><td>32.17%</td></tr><tr><td>Branded foam, institutional and OEM channels*** (C)</td><td>1,316.68</td><td>45.01%</td><td>5,254.22</td><td>46.32%</td><td>4,590.08</td><td>41.91%</td><td>4,184.52</td><td>39.57%</td></tr><tr><td>Total (D=A+B+C)</td><td>2,925.19</td><td>100.00%</td><td>11,342.50</td><td>100.00%</td><td>10,952.96</td><td>100.00%</td><td>10,574.87</td><td>100.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Modern retail channels include our websites, third party ecommerce platforms and COCO Stores.