Red Herring Prospectus have been calculated on the basis of amounts derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information.

## Non-GAAP financial measures

Certain non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and financial performance, namely Gross profit, Gross profit margin, EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, EBITDA growth, PAT Margin, Return on equity, EBIT, Capital employed, Return on capital employed, Net working capital days, Net Asset Value per equity share, Net Worth and Return on Net Worth have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Certain other industry measures such as Products wise volume, COCO Stores at the end of the period/ year, Trade Stores, Channel Wise Revenue (together, “Non-GAAP Measures” and each a “Non-GAAP Measure”) presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. Further, these Non-GAAP measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the period/years or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition, Non-GAAP Measures are not standardised terms, hence a direct comparison of Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate the Non-GAAP Measure differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. For further details, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Other Financial Information” and “Risk Factors – We have included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies.” on pages 352, 346 and 59, respectively.

## Currency and units of presentation

All references to:

* “Rupees” or “₹” or “INR” or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India; and
* “USD” or “US$” or “$” are to United States Dollar, the official currency of the United States of America.

Our Company has presented certain numerical information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in “million” units or in whole numbers where the numbers have been too small to represent in millions. One million represents 1,000,000, one billion represents 1,000,000,000 and one trillion represents 1,000,000,000,000. One lakh represents 100,000 and one crore represents 10,000,000. However, where any figures that may have been sourced from third-party industry sources are expressed in denominations other than millions, such figures appear in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in such denominations as provided in the respective sources.

## Exchange rates

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains conversion of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that these currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate or at all.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between the Rupee and other foreign currencies:

(amount in ₹, unless otherwise specified)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Currency</th><th colspan="4">Exchange rate as on</th></tr><tr><th>June 30, 2025</th><th>March 31, 2025^</th><th>March 31, 2024*</th><th>March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1 USD</td><td>85.54</td><td>85.58</td><td>83.37</td><td>82.21</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: Foreign exchange reference rates as available on www.fbil.org.in

^ Exchange rate as on March 28, 2025

* The exchange rate has been included as on March 28, 2024, as March 29, 2024, March 30, 2024, and March 31, 2024, were a public holiday, Saturday, Sunday respectively.

Notes:

(1) Exchange rate is rounded off to two decimal point.
(2) If the RBI reference rate is not available on a particular date due to a public holiday, exchange rates of the previous working day have been disclosed.

Please note that the above exchange rates have been provided for indicative purposes only and the amounts reflected in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information may not have been converted using any of the above-mentioned exchange rates.