Further, an Anchor Investor shall be deemed to be an associate of the BRLMs, if: (a) either of them controls, directly or indirectly through its subsidiary or holding company, not less than 15% of the voting rights in the other; or (b) either of them, directly or indirectly, by itself or in combination with other persons, exercises control over the other; or (c) there is a common director, excluding a nominee director, amongst the Anchor Investor and the BRLMs. Further, persons related to our Promoters and Promoter Group shall not apply in the Offer under the Anchor Investor Portion.

Except to the extent of participation in the Offer for Sale by the Promoter Selling Shareholders, the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will not participate in the Offer.

## Bids by Mutual Funds

With respect to Bids by Mutual Funds, a certified copy of their SEBI registration certificate must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable law.

Bids made by asset management companies or custodians of Mutual Funds shall specifically state names of the concerned schemes for which such Bids are made.

In case of a Mutual Fund, a separate Bid can be made in respect of each scheme of the Mutual Fund registered with SEBI and such Bids in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund will not be treated as multiple Bids provided that the Bids clearly indicate the scheme concerned for which the Bid has been made.

No Mutual Fund scheme shall invest more than 10% of its NAV in Equity Shares or equity related instruments of any single company provided that the limit of 10% shall not be applicable for investments in case of index funds or exchange traded fund or sector or industry specific schemes. No Mutual Fund under all its schemes should own more than 10% of any company's paid-up share capital carrying voting rights.

## Bids by Eligible NRIs

Eligible NRIs may obtain copies of Bid cum Application Form from the Designated Intermediaries. Only Bids accompanied by payment in Indian Rupees or freely convertible foreign exchange will be considered for Allotment. Eligible NRI Bidders bidding on a repatriation basis by using the Non-Resident Forms should authorise their respective SCSB (if they are Bidding directly through the SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of Bidding through the UPI Mechanism) to block their Non-Resident External ("NRE") accounts, or Foreign Currency Non-Resident ("FCNR") accounts, and eligible NRI Bidders bidding on a non-repatriation basis by using Resident Forms should authorise their respective SCSB (if they are Bidding directly through SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of Bidding through the UPI Mechanism) to block their Non-Resident Ordinary ("NRO") accounts for the full Bid Amount, at the time of the submission of the Bid cum Application Form.

NRIs will be permitted to apply in the Offer through Channel I or Channel II (as specified in the UPI Circulars). Further, subject to applicable law, NRIs may use Channel IV (as specified in the UPI Circulars) to apply in the Offer, provided the UPI facility is enabled for their NRE/ NRO accounts. NRIs applying in the Offer through the UPI Mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to submitting a Bid cum Application Form. In accordance with FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, the total holding by any individual NRI, on a repatriation basis, shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity share capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity share capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrant or such other limit as may be stipulated by RBI in each case, from time to time. Provided that the aggregate ceiling of 10% may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the members of the Indian Company in a general meeting. Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board in its meeting dated October 11, 2025, the investment limit for NRIs and OCIs has been increased to 24% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company, on a fully diluted basis.

Eligible NRIs Bidding on non-repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for residents (● in colour). Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form meant for Non-Residents (● in colour). By way of Press Note 1 (2021 Series) dated March 19, 2021, issued by the DPIIT, it has been clarified that an investment made by a NRI or an Indian entity which is owned and controlled by NRIs on a non-repatriation basis, shall not be considered for calculation of indirect foreign investment.

For details of investment by NRIs, see "Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities" on page 451. Participation of Eligible NRIs shall be subject to the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules.