registered trademarks in India. If we are unable to register trademark for our new logo for various reasons including our inability to remove objections to any trademark application or protect our claim in relation to the present objections raised by the Trade Mark Registry, Chennai or if any of our unregistered trademark are registered in favour of or used by a third party in India or abroad, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademark and consequently, we may not be able to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill in India and abroad. Further, any adverse outcome of these opposition proceedings may hinder our ability to use these logos in part or at all in the future. This in turn could affect our reputation, business, results of operations and prospects.

Further, the defense of intellectual property suits and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time-consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. We may not achieve a favourable outcome in any such litigation. If any claim is adversely determined against us (including in relation to our present applications under the above-mentioned classes of the Trademarks Act, 1999, in any of such potential litigation or proceedings, we could be subject to significant liability to third parties. We could further be subject to injunctions prohibiting the production or sale of our products. Protracted litigation could also result in our existing or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our products until resolution of such litigation. Regardless of their merits, such claims could materially and adversely affect our relationships with current or future customers, result in costly litigation, delay or disrupt supply of products, divert management's attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities, or require us to cease certain activities.

**14. If we fail to develop and launch new products in response to changes in market demands, trends, spending patterns and customer preferences in a timely and effective manner, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.**

Our results of operations are dependent on our ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to changes in the market demand and customer preference for the products we manufacture, and develop new products, or modify our existing offerings in line with these changes. If we misjudge the market for our products or are unable to offer new products or modify our existing products in line with changes in market trends, our sales may be adversely affected. While we continue to undertake product development initiatives and introduce new products, we are subject to general risks associated with the introduction of new products including the lack of market acceptance. Additionally, newer technologies, manufacturing methods and materials pertaining to the industries that our branded foam lines cater to, such as the mattress, home furnishing automotive, footwear, sound absorption and filtration industries, as well as any sustained downturn in these industries in India and abroad could lead to a reduction in the demand for our branded foam lines. We cannot assure you that new products will receive market acceptance or address changing customer trends or emerging industry standards. Any rapid change in the expectations of our customers in our business on account of changes in technology or the introduction of new alternate products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

**15. The home and furnishings industry is competitive, fragmented and largely unorganized and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

The home and furnishings industry in India is competitive, fragmented and largely unorganised and faces certain threats and challenges that impact scalability and profitability. Economic sensitivity, discretionary spending risks, and supply chain disruptions due to inflation and geopolitical issues may erode margins and disrupt operations. Regulatory and environmental compliance adds complexity, while intense competition and the bulky and long-term nature of our products create logistical hurdles and limit repeat purchases. Given the inherently low barriers to entry in these markets, a significant proportion of the home solutions products industry in India, and in particular, the mattresses and furniture industries is unorganised, with competitors running unbranded and smaller scale operations. Our unorganised competitors may incur lower operating expenses, given the size and scale of their operations and have a deeper retail reach in the territories that they operate in, than us. We cannot assure you that we can effectively compete with entities in the unorganised markets.

We also compete with various organised players in the home and furnishings industry. Some of our competitors may be larger than us, have more financial and other resources and have products with greater brand recognition than ours. Our competitors in certain regions may also have better access to raw materials required in our operations and may procure them at lower costs than us, and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. Some of our competitors may also sell inferior quality products at lower prices, thereby increasing pricing pressure on us. This competitive pricing strategy can lead to a perception of higher costs associated with our products, potentially driving customers towards cheaper alternatives. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. Increased competition may lead to a reduction in our market share as competitors may introduce innovative products and employ aggressive pricing strategies. In addition, our competitors may significantly increase their advertising and brand building activities to promote their brands and products, which may require us to similarly increase our advertising and marketing expenses and engage in effective pricing strategies, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.