<table><thead><tr><th>Category of individuals / entities</th><th>Criminal proceedings</th><th>Tax proceedings</th><th>Statutory or regulatory proceedings</th><th>Disciplinary actions by SEBI or Stock Exchanges against our Promoters in the last five years, including outstanding action</th><th>Material civil litigations</th><th>Aggregate amount involved (in ₹ million)<sup>(1)</sup></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Against our Directors</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Promoters</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>By our Promoters</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against our Promoters</td><td>1</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>1</td><td>8.32</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) To the extent ascertainable and quantifiable.

† Other than the Directors who are also the Promoters of our Company.

^ Includes cases filed under the NI Act.

@ Includes 1 direct tax litigation and 10 indirect tax litigations.

§ Includes 2 direct tax litigations.

* Excludes ₹15.73 million paid by our Company as mandatory pre-deposits as protest. For details see – “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments - Material Tax litigation - Material tax litigation involving our Company - Material indirect tax litigation involving our Company” on page 395.

& Excludes ₹29.03 million paid by Shivarna as mandatory pre-deposits as protest. For details see “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments - Material Tax litigation - Material tax litigation involving our Subsidiaries - Material direct tax litigation involving our Subsidiaries” on page 398.

<table><thead><tr><th>Category of individuals</th><th>Criminal proceedings</th><th>Statutory or regulatory proceedings</th><th>Aggregate amount involved (in ₹ million)<sup>(1)</sup></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Key Managerial Personnel<sup>(2)</sup></strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>By our Key Managerial Personnel</td><td>Nil</td><td>N.A.</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against our Key Managerial Personnel</td><td>2</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Senior Management</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>By our Senior Management</td><td>Nil</td><td>N.A.</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against our Senior Management</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) To the extent ascertainable and quantifiable.

(2) Other than the Key Managerial Personnel who are also the Promoters of our Company.

We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be settled in favour of our Company or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and our reputation. For further information, see “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” on page 390.

## 33. Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to operate our business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are required to obtain certain approvals, registrations, permissions and licenses from regulatory authorities, to undertake our operations including environmental approvals, shops and establishments license, factory licenses and labour and tax related approvals. For further information on the nature of approvals and licenses required for our business and details of their validity, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 400. Certain material approvals of our Company may have lapsed or expired or may lapse in the ordinary course of business, from time to time, and we have either already made applications to the appropriate authorities for renewal of such material approvals in accordance with applicable law and requirements and procedure or are in the process of making an application for renewal. Additionally, for certain of our COCO Stores, some of the material approvals, such as trade licenses under the applicable municipal law and for the shops and establishment licenses applicable to us under the applicable shops and establishment acts, our Company is yet to make the relevant applications. Similarly, we are yet to make applications to obtain professional tax registrations for certain states where we operate. We are in the process of making such applications. Additionally, in relation to a bonus issuance made on September 25, 2025, while we have filed the Form FC-GPR with the RBI, we are yet to receive the approval from the RBI in relation to the same. For further information, please refer to “Capital Structure” on page 85.

Further, we have and may need to in the future, apply for certain additional approvals, including the renewal of approvals, which may expire from time to time. We have, inter alia, made applications for certain approvals which are pending as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For instance, we have applied for relevant registrations under the, shops and establishment licenses under the relevant state regulations for certain of our warehouses and our COCO Stores, and trade licenses for certain of our warehouses and our COCO Stores. For details, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 400. While we have not faced any instances of failure to receive any approvals and licenses or have any approvals cancelled or withdrawn by relevant government authorities in the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and the last three Fiscals which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future and any occurrence of the aforesaid could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Failure to obtain or renew such approvals and licenses in a timely manner would make our operations non-compliant with applicable laws and may result in the imposition of penalties by relevant authorities and may also prevent us from carrying out our business.