35. Bidders (except UPI Bidders) should instruct their respective banks to release the funds blocked in the ASBA account under the ASBA process. In case of RIBs, once the Sponsor Bank(s) issues the Mandate Request, the RIBs would be required to proceed to authorize the blocking of funds by confirming or accepting the UPI Mandate Request to authorize the blocking of funds equivalent to application amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment, in a timely manner.

36. UPI Bidders who have revised their Bids subsequent to making the initial Bid should also approve the revised UPI Mandate Request generated by the Sponsor Bank(s) to authorize blocking of funds equivalent to the revised Bid Amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment in a timely manner.

The Bid cum Application Form is liable to be rejected if the above instructions, as applicable, are not complied with.

Don'ts:

1. Do not Bid for lower than the minimum Bid size;

2. Do not pay the Bid Amount in cheques, demand drafts or by cash, money order, postal order or by stock invest;

3. Do not send Bid cum Application Forms by post; instead submit the same to the Designated Intermediary only;

4. Do not Bid at Cut-off Price (for Bids by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders);

5. Do not instruct your respective banks to release the funds blocked in the ASBA Account under the ASBA process;

6. Do not submit the Bid for an amount more than funds available in your ASBA account;

7. Do not submit Bids on plain paper or on incomplete or illegible Bid cum Application Forms or on Bid cum Application Forms in a colour prescribed for another category of a Bidder;

8. In case of ASBA Bidders, do not submit more than one ASBA Form ASBA Account;

9. If you are an UPI Bidder, do not submit more than one Bid cum Application Form for each UPI ID;

10. Anchor Investors should not Bid through the ASBA process;

11. Do not submit the ASBA Forms to any Designated Intermediary that is not authorised to collect the relevant ASBA Forms or to our Company;

12. Do not Bid on a Bid cum Application Form that does not have the stamp of the relevant Designated Intermediary;

13. Do not submit the General Index Register (GIR) number instead of the PAN;

14. Do not submit incorrect details of the DP ID, Client ID, PAN and UPI ID, if applicable, or provide details for a beneficiary account which is suspended or for which details cannot be verified by the Registrar to the Offer;

15. Do not submit a Bid in case you are not eligible to acquire Equity Shares under applicable law or your relevant constitutional documents or otherwise;

16. Do not Bid if you are not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 (other than minors having valid depository accounts as per Demographic Details provided by the depository);

17. Do not submit a Bid/revise a Bid Amount, with a price less than the Floor Price or higher than the Cap Price;

18. Do not submit a Bid using UPI ID, if you are not a UPI Bidder;

19. Do not Bid on another Bid cum Application Form or the Anchor Investor Application Form, as the case may be, after you have submitted a Bid to any of the Designated Intermediaries;

20. Do not Bid for Equity Shares more than what is specified for each category;

21. If you are a QIB, do not submit your Bid after 3:00 p.m. IST on the QIB Bid/Offer Closing Date (for online applications) and after 12:00 p.m. on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date (for physical applications);

22. Do not fill up the Bid cum Application Form such that the number of Equity Shares Bid for, exceeds the Offer size and/or investment limit or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held under applicable laws or regulations or maximum amount permissible under applicable laws or regulations, or under the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus;

520