will align us with global sustainability trends and position us favorably in the market, such capital expenditure
may place a strain on our financial resources and could affect our ability to fund other strategic initiatives.

The table below sets out our capital expenditure on renewable energy initiatives and such amounts as a percentage of our revenue from operations for the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three months<br>ended June 30,<br>2025</th><th colspan="3">(₹ in million, except percentages)</th></tr><tr><th></th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Investment in renewable energy SPV</td><td>103.62</td><td>9.97</td><td>-</td><td>600.30</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>3,985.98</td><td>14,283.65</td><td>11,141.70</td><td>10,213.40</td></tr><tr><td>Investment in renewable energy initiatives, as a percentage of Revenue from operations (%)</td><td>2.60%</td><td>0.07%</td><td>0.00%</td><td>5.88%</td></tr></tbody></table>

There are risks relating to the successful implementation of our renewable energy initiatives, such as potential delays, cost overruns, or the failure to achieve the expected environmental or financial benefits. If we are unable to efficiently execute this transition or if the required capital expenditures exceed our projections and we do not see adequate financial returns, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

**41. Our business depends on a strong brand and corporate reputation and if we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to grow our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.**

Our corporate reputation may be damaged for various reasons, including as a result of actions or statements of current or former employees or clients, competitors, vendors and adversaries in legal proceedings, as well as members of the investment community and the media. Negative information about our Company, even if based on false rumors or misunderstandings, could adversely affect our business.

Our reputation also depends on the value of the “Sify” brand, which is owned by our Promoter, STL. We are unable to control the corporate actions that our Promoter, STL takes. If our Promoter, STL, takes corporate action that attracts substantial negative publicity, or is the subject of negative information, the negative impacts of such actions could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. For further information, see “—We are dependent on our Promoters, in particular STL. Any adverse change in our relationships with our Promoters, our business performance and operations could be materially adversely impacted.”

Damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, especially due to the competitiveness of our industry. Damage to our reputation could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our employee recruitment and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of our brand name, could reduce investor confidence in us, affect the price of our Equity Shares and adversely affect our ability to grow our business and our results of operations and financial condition.

**42. Non-compliance with and adverse changes in laws and regulations applicable to our business may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.**

We are subject to laws and regulations governing data privacy and protection, the use of the internet as a commercial medium and data sovereignty requirements and policies are rapidly evolving, extensive, complex, and include inconsistencies and uncertainties.

We are subject to health, labor and environmental protection laws and regulations, all of which we are required to comply with in the course of our operations. Environmental regulations impose controls on air and water release or discharge, noise levels, storage handling and the treatment, processing, handling, storage, transport or disposal of waste under the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 read with the relevant state legislations, the Environment Impact Assessment Notification, 2006, and the Petroleum Act, 1934, along with relevant rules, regulations and guidelines framed thereunder. In case of any change in environmental regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and other expenditure to comply with environmental standards. Any failure on our part to comply with any existing or future regulations may result in legal proceedings, including public interest litigation being commenced against us, third-party claims or the levy of regulatory fines. Further, any violation of the environmental laws and regulations may result in fines, criminal sanctions, revocation of operating permits, or shutdown of our facilities.

Further, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and investments in our Company by non-residents, could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/or could require us to apply for additional approvals. We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees