and future prospects could be materially affected. See “Objects of the Offer” on page 108, for more information.

9. **We are dependent on our Promoters, in particular STL for setting the overall strategic business direction of our Company. Any adverse change in our relationships with our Promoters could materially adversely impact our business performance and operations.**

We are dependent on our Promoters, in particular STL, for setting the overall strategic business direction of our Company. We derive meaningful synergies by partnering with our Promoter, STL, and by offering a unified “go-to-market” (“GTM”) through which we augment our colocation, build-to-suit, interconnection, and value-added services with complementary offerings from STL. Our clients can avail themselves of the network connectivity services provided by our Promoter, STL, and clients of our Promoter, STL, can avail themselves of the data center solutions that we offer. If our Promoter, STL, and we become unable to maintain a converged offering of services, our client relationships may be adversely impacted, and we may not be able to acquire new clients, all of which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Further, our Promoter, STL is the lessor of the immoveable property where the Registered and Corporate Office of our Company is located. In addition, STL owns the registered trademarks for the “Sify” brand and other brand names associated with our data center business, such as ‘Fortknox’, ‘Keeping You Ahead’ and ‘Sify DC Container’. As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company uses certain registered trademarks pursuant to the permitted user agreements executed with STL, each dated April 12, 2021. The details of such trademarks are set out in the following table.

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Registered proprietor</th><th>Registration number</th><th>Class</th><th>Date of registration</th><th>Date of expiry</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td rowspan="3">1.</td><td rowspan="3">'Sify'</td><td rowspan="3">STL</td><td>1055294</td><td>9</td><td>October 30, 2001</td><td>October 30, 2031</td></tr><tr><td>1055295</td><td>16</td><td>October 30, 2001</td><td>October 30, 2031</td></tr><tr><td>1715709</td><td>99</td><td>July 30, 2008</td><td>July 30, 2028</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>'Sify DC Container'</td><td>STL</td><td>3346298</td><td>42</td><td>August 26, 2016</td><td>August 26, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>'Keeping you ahead'</td><td>STL</td><td>1614613</td><td>99</td><td>October 24, 2007</td><td>October 24, 2027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">4.</td><td rowspan="2">'Fortknox'</td><td rowspan="2">STL</td><td>1152041</td><td>9</td><td>November 20, 2002</td><td>November 20, 2032</td></tr><tr><td>1152040</td><td>16</td><td>November 20, 2002</td><td>November 20, 2032</td></tr></tbody></table>

Pursuant to the terms of the permitted user agreement, dated April 12, 2021 (the “Sify Brand Licensing Agreement”), we may use the “Sify” brand on a range of services related to data center operations and other allied services provided by our Company, including for the purpose of advertising our goods and services. In accordance with the terms of the Sify Brand Licensing Agreement, our Company is licensed to use the ‘Sify’ trademark in perpetuity, subject to the Business Transfer Agreement dated January 28, 2021, executed between our Company and STL, and unless terminated by STL with prior written notice of at least 90 days. For further details, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters - Business Transfer Agreement dated January 28, 2021 executed between our Company and STL” and “Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual Property” on pages 321 and 474. We cannot assure you that the Sify Brand Licensing Agreement will not be terminated or that we will not lose the right to continue to use the brand name “Sify”. Such loss of brand identity could have a material adverse impact on our relationships with our clients, on our ability to acquire new clients, and consequently on our business prospects and results of operations.

10. **The operation of our businesses is highly dependent on information technology, and we are subject to risks arising from any failure of, or inadequacies in, our IT system.**

Our operations rely on the effectiveness of our IT systems and on our IT systems for various internal processes, such as procurement, staffing, client relations and accounting. We also need to have sophisticated technology systems in place to anticipate and meet the further growth and expansion requirements of our business. While we have not experienced such instances in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, any failure of, or inadequacies in our IT systems would impair our ability to effectively carry out our business operations, which could materially and adversely affect our competitiveness, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

While we regularly monitor and upgrade our IT systems, we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to do so in the future in a time and cost-efficient manner. Although we back up our business data regularly and have a contingency disaster recovery database / back up for our businesses, there is no assurance that our disaster recovery planning is adequate for all eventualities. Our technology operations are also vulnerable to disruptions from human error, catastrophic events including natural disasters, power failure, computer viruses, spam attacks, ransomware, distributed denial of services attacks, unauthorized access, data leakage and other similar events, and we may not be able to adapt to the evolving technology in the industry. While we have not experienced such instances in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals