<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Materiality Policy</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board in its meeting dated October 14, 2025 for determining identification of 'group companies', material outstanding civil litigation and outstanding dues to material creditors, in accordance with the disclosure requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency</td><td>[●], being a credit rating agency registered with SEBI.</td></tr><tr><td>Monitoring Agency Agreement</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between our Company and the Monitoring Agency.</td></tr><tr><td>Morgan Stanley</td><td>Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund Portion</td><td>Up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion or [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each which shall be available for allocation only to Mutual Funds on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Mutual Fund(s)</td><td>Mutual funds registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996</td></tr><tr><td>Net Offer</td><td>The Offer, less the Employee Reservation Portion.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>The proceeds of the Fresh Issue less our Company's share of the Offer related expenses. For further details regarding the use of the Net Proceeds and the Offer expenses, see "Objects of the Offer" beginning on page 108.</td></tr><tr><td>Net QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allotted to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>"Non-Institutional Bidders" or "NIBs"</td><td>All Bidders that are not QIBs or RIBs and who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount of more than ₹0.20 million (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Institutional Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer being not less than 15% of the Offer comprising [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each which shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, in the following manner:<ul><li>One-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million; and</li><li>Two-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹1.00 million.</li></ul>Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (a) or (b), may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>"Non-Resident Indians" or "NRI(s)"</td><td>A non-resident Indian as defined under the FEMA NDI Rules.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer</td><td>The initial public offer of up to [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash consideration at a price of ₹[●] each, aggregating up to ₹ 37,000.00 million comprising the Fresh Issue and the Offer for Sale.<br><br>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹5,000.00 million, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the RHP and Prospectus. Further, details of the Pre-IPO Placement, if any, shall be reported to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transactions, in accordance with Regulation 54 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For further information, see "The Offer" beginning on page 79.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Agreement</td><td>The offer agreement dated October 16, 2025 entered into amongst our Company, the Selling Shareholders and the BRLMs, pursuant to which certain arrangements have been agreed upon in relation to the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer for Sale</td><td>Offer for Sale of up to [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹12,000.00 million by the Selling Shareholders, consisting of up to [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹6,430.00 million by KDCF and up to [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹5,570.00 million by KSSF.</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Price</td><td>The final price at which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful ASBA Bidders (except for the Anchor Investors) in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. Equity Shares will be Allotted to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Offer Price which will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.<br><br>The Offer Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs on the Pricing Date, in accordance with the Book Building Process and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr></tbody></table>

8