2025, 2024 and 2023, any external information security breach, such as hacker attacks, frauds, virus or worm infestation of our IT systems, or an internal problem with information protection, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt our business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information.

11. **We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment and we may not be able to compete successfully, which could result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss of market share.**

The data center industry in which we operate can be highly competitive, characterized by a growing number of participants and subject to rapid change. We face competition from large international players, who increasingly penetrate the Indian data center market, by leveraging on their global scale, brand strength and vast financial resources. In addition, we face competition from boutique, private-equity-backed players. According to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, several new private equity-backed platforms have recently entered or are entering the Indian data center market, signaling growing investor confidence and heightened interest in the sector's long-term potential. For further information, see "*Our Business — Competition*" on page 303 and "*Basis of Offer Price—9. Comparison of the KPIs of our Company with Listed Industry Peers*" on page 144. We expect competition to persist and potentially intensify. Further, large international operators may set up data centers in India in direct competition with us.

Our competitors may have greater financial, technical, technological and marketing resources and greater name recognition in the data centers industry than us, both within India and internationally. They may be able to compete more aggressively on pricing or devote greater resources to the development and promotion of their services, or bundle their offerings with infrastructure, technology or services that we may not be able to provide. In addition, the industry may also undergo consolidation, which may result in increased competition in our target markets from larger firms that have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources, may be able to offer lower prices, additional services or other incentives that we may not be able to match. Increased competition could also result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss of market share for us. Additionally, our existing clients may choose to hire us and our competitors to provide different services, or may enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, possibly impeding our strategy to scale up business with these existing clients and negatively impacting our results. Some of our clients may, for various reasons, including to diversify geographically or mitigate vendor concentration risk, seek to reduce their dependence on any one country or vendor and may seek to outsource their operations to other countries or vendors. We cannot assure you that we will compete successfully with existing or new competitors or that competitive pressures will not materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, we may be required to change our pricing model from time to time, including as a result of economic conditions, general reductions in our clients' spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our services are broadly offered. Similarly, as we introduce new services, or as a result of the evolution of our existing services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our services. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective clients, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.

12. **Our business is subject to evolving laws regarding privacy, data protection and other related matters. Many of these laws are subject to change and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in client growth or engagement, which may harm our business.**

We are subject to laws and regulations that prescribe how we handle matters including privacy and data protection, content, intellectual property, data security, data retention and deletion, protection of personal information, electronic contracts and other communications. The expansion of our solutions or services has in the past subjected us and will continue to subject us to additional laws and regulations.

In India, there are a number of potential changes to the regulations relating to personal data, the privacy and data protection laws that may subject us to additional potential compliance requirements. We are also required to comply with numerous existing laws and regulations in India that address cybersecurity and data protection, including the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules thereof, the Indian Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, as amended and the Indian Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, as amended, all of which influence the way in which we operate our business. Any perceived or actual breach of laws, regulations and standards could result in investigations, regulatory inquiries, litigation, fines, injunctions, negative client sentiment, impairment of our existing or planned solutions and services, or otherwise negatively impact our business. Additionally, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 ("**Data Protection Act**") has been enacted for implementing organizational and technical measures