in turn be used to access our information technology ("IT") systems and gain access to our data or other confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information, could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business and results of operations. While there have been no such instances of breach of security in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, if security measures are breached because of employee theft, exfiltration, misuse or malfeasance, our or third-party actions, omissions, or errors, unintentional events, deliberate attacks by cyber criminals or otherwise, or if design flaws in our software or systems are exposed and exploited, our operations and reputation in the industry could be impacted.

Certain of our clients require us to comply with security protocols and periodic external audits, as prescribed under the terms of the agreement, and we are in compliance with such requirements. However, any security breach may result in claims from our clients. We have limited our contractual liability except for breaches of confidentiality, service outage, intentional infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties, non-compliance with applicable laws, fraud, breaches due to gross negligence or wilful misconduct, death or personal injury caused for reasons solely attributable to us.

5. **Disruption to our data center infrastructure may cause us to lose clients and/or incur additional expenses, thereby adversely affecting our business, revenues and cash flow.**

We depend on our data center infrastructure for our operations. As we continue to expand our data center facilities, develop new data center facilities and further expand our client base, our dependence on our data center infrastructure will continue to increase. Our dependency on data center infrastructure exposes us to risks. These risks include physical damage to our infrastructure (which may be intentional or inadvertent), security breaches, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, internet outages, software incompatibility and/or other disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism. From time to time in the course of our operations, we may experience disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, theft of our equipment, inclement weather and service failures of our third-party service providers. While we have not experienced any such material disruptions in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, such disruptions may cause interruptions in service or temporarily reduce capacity for clients. If we experience such material disruptions in the future, we may lose clients, or face increased operating expenses to restore services, both of which could adversely affect our business, revenues and cash flows.

6. **Technological changes, evolving client requirements and emerging industry trends may affect our business, may render our current technologies obsolete and may require us to make substantial capital investments. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, evolving client requirements or technological changes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.**

The data center sector is highly dependent on technology and, as a result, the possibility of technological obsolescence is greater than companies in more conventional industries. In addition, the data center landscape is rapidly evolving, driven by emerging trends such as AI-powered infrastructure, the expansion of edge computing, and a growing focus on sustainability, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. Increasing demand for real-time data processing, enhanced security, and energy-efficient operations are reshaping how data centers are designed, operated, and scaled, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. Therefore, our future success depends, in part, on our ability to respond to technological advances, evolving client requirements and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risk and significant implementation costs. Our management and design and engineering teams keep themselves abreast with the latest developments in the data center design and technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to evolving client requirements or emerging industry standards.

The infrastructure at our data centers may become obsolete or unmarketable due to demand for new processes and/or technologies, including, without limitation: (i) new processes to deliver power to, or eliminate heat from, computer systems; (ii) client demand for additional redundancy capacity; (iii) new technology that permits higher levels of critical load and heat removal than our data centers are currently designed to provide; and (iv) an inability of the power supply to support new, updated or upgraded technology. For example, as cooling systems account for a majority of the power consumption a data center incurs, advanced cooling technologies and efficient thermal management are critical to ensuring optimal performance and reduced energy waste. While we maintain appropriate and advanced cooling technologies at our data centers, we may not be able to continually update our cooling systems to keep up with the latest technological developments. If we fail to update the cooling technologies at our data centers as efficient new technologies emerge, we may be required to use additional power to achieve the thermal efficiency required for our operations, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, the systems that connect our data centers to the internet and other external networks may become outdated, including with respect to latency, reliability and diversity of connectivity. When