DIVIDEND POLICY

The declaration and payment of dividends on our Equity Shares, if any, will be recommended by our Board to the Shareholders for their approval in the Annual General Meeting, at their discretion, subject to compliance with the Articles of Association and provisions of the Companies Act, including the rules made thereunder and other relevant regulations, if any, each as amended. Further the Board shall also have the absolute power to declare interim dividend in compliance with the Act. The dividend policy of our Company was approved and adopted by way of a resolution dated September 25, 2025 passed by the Board of Directors.

The Board shall, inter alia, consider certain financial, internal and external parameters including but not limited to net operating profit of current year, capital expenditure and working capital requirements, long term growth plan, business expansion, economic conditions and prevalent market practices in of dividend payment in similar industry. The objective of the dividend policy is to lay down the parameters to be considered by the Board before declaring or recommending dividend to the Shareholders for a financial year.

The quantum of dividend to be distributed, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including profit earned during the current financial year, overall financial conditions, cost of raising funds from alternative sources, money market conditions, expansion plans, macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes including introduction of new or changes in existing tax or regulatory requirements (including dividend distribution tax) having significant impact on our Company's operations or finances.

There is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in the future. For details in relation to risks involved in this regard, see "Risk Factors – 54. We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on your Equity Shares in the future" on page 65.

Our Company has not declared dividends on the Equity Shares during the preceding three Fiscals or since June 30, 2025 until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Except as disclosed, our Company has not declared any dividends during the last three Fiscals and in the current Fiscal until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, on the Preference Shares on a cumulative basis:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>From July 1, 2025 till date of the DRHP</th><th>As of and for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of CCPS</td><td>50,000,000</td><td>50,000,000</td><td>50,000,000</td><td>50,000,000</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Face value per CCPS (in ₹)</td><td>10</td><td>10</td><td>10</td><td>10</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Paid up value per CCPS</td><td>500,000,000</td><td>500,000,000</td><td>500,000,000</td><td>500,000,000</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Interim Dividend (in ₹ million)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>15.04</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Final Dividend (in ₹ million)</td><td>14.96</td><td>-</td><td>7.46</td><td>144.12</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Aggregate Dividend (in ₹ million)</td><td>14.96</td><td>-</td><td>22.50</td><td>144.12*</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend per fully paid up CCPS (in ₹)</td><td>0.30</td><td>-</td><td>0.45</td><td>2.89</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend per partly paid up CCPS (in ₹)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Rate of dividend</td><td>6%</td><td>-</td><td>6%</td><td>9% till December 2024 & 6% from January 2025</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of payment</td><td>Bank transfer</td><td>-</td><td>Bank transfer</td><td>Bank transfer</td><td>-</td></tr></tbody></table>

*The dividend paid during FY2023-24 of ₹144.12 million is cumulative dividend paid from Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2024 and paid on January 5, 2024.