have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S GAAP or IFRS. U.S GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company's Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly.

## 61. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price.

While we have not allotted Equity Shares via preferential allotments in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we have allotted Equity Shares pursuant to the merger of Print House and Patel Auto, with our Company. Further, we have allotted Equity Shares to our Holding Company pursuant to the transfer of their data center business to our Company. The price at which Equity Shares have been allotted by our Company is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded. For further details, see the sections titled "Capital Structure – Share capital history of our Company" and "History and Certain Corporate Matters—Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, since incorporation" on pages 95 and 319, respectively.

## 62. Not all of our Independent Directors have prior experience in managing an India-listed company, which may require additional time for them to fully understand their roles and responsibilities. This could potentially affect our corporate governance standards, investor confidence and operational performance.

Not all of our Independent Directors have prior experience in serving as directors of any India-listed entity. For further details, see "Our Management" on page 325. Consequently, they may face challenges in complying with regulatory requirements, corporate governance norms, and stakeholder expectations applicable to listed companies. Any lack of experience of our directors in managing the specific demands of a listed entity, including compliance with SEBI Listing Regulations, and other statutory requirements, may affect the efficiency of decision-making processes and the overall governance of our Company. Furthermore, any lapses or delays in implementing governance frameworks or ensuring compliance with regulatory obligations could lead to penalties, reputational loss, and adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

However, our Directors have been instrumental in driving operational efficiency, expanding market reach and ensuring quality of services offerings to meet industry standards. Their leadership, combined with the support of our employees have positioned our Company to navigate the responsibilities of an India-listed entity while continuing to leverage their domain knowledge for business growth.

# EXTERNAL RISKS

## Risks related to India

## 63. Our financial performance will be affected by developments in or affecting India. Any factors adversely affecting India could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and cash flows.

We are incorporated in India, and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. We derive and expect to continue to derive in the foreseeable future, most of our revenues and operating profits from India. Consequently, our business, operations and financial performance may be affected by changes in and other factors affecting India, some of which may be beyond our control. These include changes in investment patterns, budget announcements, policy announcements, political changes, changes in interest rates, inadequate monsoons, health pandemics, terrorist attacks, natural calamities and other acts of violence or war, which may adversely affect worldwide financial and Indian markets, including lowering investors' confidence in India's economy. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected.

India has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and terrorist attacks, regional or international hostilities and other acts of violence as well as other adverse social, political and economic events. India has also experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and droughts in the past. If such events occur and lead to overall political and economic instability, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, any such events could lead to a shutdown of certain of our operations, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Other factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: