65. **We are dependent on the availability and reliability on Indian infrastructure. Any deterioration of India's infrastructure would harm the national economy, disrupt the transportation of people, goods and supplies, and add costs to doing business in India.**

India's physical infrastructure is less developed than that of many developed nations. Any congestion or disruption with respect to communication systems or any public facility, including transportation infrastructure, could disrupt our normal business activity. Any deterioration of India's physical infrastructure would harm the national economy, disrupt the transportation of people, electricity, goods and supplies, and add costs to doing business in India. These disruptions could interrupt our business operations and materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

66. **Any downgrading of India's debt rating could have a negative impact on our business and the price of the equity shares.**

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets are affected by the credit ratings of India. India's sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India's foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control.

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional external financing is available. A downgrading of India's credit ratings may occur for reasons beyond our control, such as upon a change of government fiscal policy. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of the Equity Shares.

67. **Compliance with present and changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business and financial performance.**

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For instance, GoI has announced the Union Budget for Fiscal 2025 pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2024 was tabled before the Lok Sabha, which has proposed certain amendments to taxations laws in India, including the introduction of the Direct Tax Code, 2025.

Further, the GoI introduced new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020 ("Social Security Code"), the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labor legislations, were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the "Labor Codes"). The GoI has deferred the effective date of implementation of the respective Labor Codes, and they shall come into force from such dates as may be notified. Different dates may also be appointed for the implementation of different provisions of the Labor Codes. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been finalized, as an immediate consequence, the coming into force of these codes could increase the financial burden on our Company, which may adversely impact our profitability. For instance, under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where payments made by the employer to the employee exceeds half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government) of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration. Accordingly, such amount shall be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code. Further, any future amendments may affect our tax benefits such as exemptions for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemptions for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares. Changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or the sale of shares could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Further, the Social Security Code also provides that such schemes could, among other things, be partly funded by contributions from online platforms. The implementation of such laws has the ability to increase our employee and labor costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, we may be affected by the adoption or implementation of new safety, health and environmental laws and regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of existing laws or other similar developments in the future. We could be adversely affected if existing legislations or regulations are expanded or amended to require changes in our business practices, or if such legislations or regulations are interpreted or implemented in ways that negatively affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects.

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations affecting it will be enacted or predict the nature and effect of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.