## Human Resources

The following table sets forth our employee headcount by function as of the dates indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>As of June 30, 2025</th><th>As of March 31, 2025</th><th>As of March 31, 2024</th><th>As of March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Business Services</td><td>19</td><td>15</td><td>12</td><td>7</td></tr><tr><td>Engineering</td><td>220</td><td>229</td><td>198</td><td>169</td></tr><tr><td>Corporate</td><td>30</td><td>19</td><td>16</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>269</strong></td><td><strong>263</strong></td><td><strong>226</strong></td><td><strong>193</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

We attribute our growth to the strength and experience of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management. For details of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management, see “*Our Management*” on page 325.

## Employee Recruitment and Retention

We follow a detailed process for recruitment of our employees which spans across various stages, such as recruitment requisition, recruitment criteria, advertising, receipt of applications and interviews, among others.

Further, we value our employees and acknowledge the contributions they make to the success of our Company. We recognize that our employees are critical to our success and have invested significant resources in our employee retention and development efforts. By investing in our employees' growth, we foster a culture of learning, innovation, and career advancement, ensuring their long-term success and contributing to our organizational excellence. In this regard, we offer our employees a diverse range of training opportunities to enable them to acquire additional knowledge and skills relating to the data center industry. For example, our employees attend periodic training sessions tailored to their seniority and function in the Company. These sessions include knowledge development training sessions relating to data center technology and innovations provided through nationally-accredited educational institutions. In addition, our employees have the opportunity to acquire skills that are ancillary to their primary functions in our Company, such as security or cloud computing.

## Engineering Services

We have in-house engineering expertise across facility operations, civil engineering, and project management to support our operations and our client base. Our engineering capabilities include construction-related engineering activities for data center development, IT and non-IT design engineering, engineering services relating to network connectivity and cooling infrastructure at our data centers and other engineering services incidental to our operations. As of June 30, 2025, we employed 220 staff in engineering roles spanning data center colocation engineering services, data center projects engineering services and data center structural engineering services.

## Insurance

We maintain insurance policies that we believe are customary for companies operating in our industry. Our principal types of coverage, inter-alia, include commercial general liability, errors and omissions, crime, employment practices liability, directors and officers liability, fire and perils insurance, OPD insurance, group medi-claim insurance and asset insurance. We believe that our insurance coverage is of the type and in the amounts commensurate with the nature and scope of our operations. For risks relating to our insurance coverage, see “Risk Factors—36. We may be subject to risks when operating and maintaining our data centers, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate. We are relying on insurance policies offered by third-party insurance providers to insure our operations for related risks. If our insurance coverage is insufficient for the needs of our business or our insurance providers are unable to meet their obligations to us in the event of a claim, we may not be able to mitigate the risks facing our business or damages incurred, which could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.” on page 56.

## Cybersecurity

Our approach to cybersecurity is guided by our core tenets of confidentiality, integrity and availability, which are essential for maintaining the trust and confidence of various stakeholders. We maintain our ISO 27001 and ISO 20000 certifications for our Management of Information Security and IT Service Management. We adopted our Company's Data Protection policy in April 2025, which establishes a framework for data protection within our Company's operations in alignment with the requirements of ISO 27001 and the applicable data protection provisions of the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023. Among other factors, our Data Protection Policy provides that our Company shall collect and process data with transparency and in accordance with applicable regulations, and that we shall implement various measures to ensure data security, including access controls, encryption measures, non-stop monitoring and periodic auditing, regular security assessments, data masking, backup and disaster recovery and vendor risk management.

In addition, we have implemented and frequently test our business continuity management plans to overcome disruptions across levels, lowering the effect of outages, including recovery sites. We employed cloud computing to bolster our data retrieval capabilities for essential infrastructure, such as critical servers, firewalls, core switches and other crucial components. We use a secure access service edge (“SASE”) framework to provide seamless network connectivity to our