ASM is conducted by the Stock Exchanges on Listed Securities with surveillance concerns based on certain objective parameters such as price-to-earnings ratio, percentage of delivery, client concentration, variation in volume of shares and volatility of shares, among other things. GSM is conducted by the Stock Exchanges on Listed Securities where their price quoted on the Stock Exchanges is not commensurate with, among other things, the financial performance and financial condition measures such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, other measures such as price-to-earnings multiple and market capitalization.

Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, and low trading volumes and a large concentration of client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off, limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on the upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on the market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company.

## 86. You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer.

The Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on the NSE and BSE. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and before trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors can begin trading the Equity Shares Allotted to them only after they have been credited to an investors' 'demat' account, become listed and are permitted to trade. Investors will be subject to market risk from the date they pay for the Equity Shares to the date when Equity Shares Allotted are listed and permitted to trade. Investors' book entry, or 'demat' accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the successful Bidder's demat account with depository participant could take approximately two Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares Allotted to a successful Bidder will be credited to such investor's demat account in a timely manner or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors' ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods.

## 87. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources.

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will, among other things, require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management's attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner.

## 88. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares.

The U.S. "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" (or "FATCA") imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain "foreign passthru payments" made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries).

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an