<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Corporate Social Responsibility Committee</td><td>The corporate social responsibility committee of our Board, as described in "Our Management - Committees of our Board - Corporate Social Responsibility Committee" on page 335.</td></tr><tr><td>Director(s)</td><td>Director(s) on our Board, as appointed from time to time. For further details see "Our Management - Our Board" on page 325.</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend Policy</td><td>Dividend distribution policy approved and adopted by our Board on September 25, 2025.</td></tr><tr><td>DSA(s)</td><td>KDCF DSA, KSSF DSA and STL DSAs. For details, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters - Shareholders' agreements and other agreements - Debenture Subscription Agreements" on page 322.</td></tr><tr><td>Equity Shares</td><td>Unless otherwise stated, equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>ESOP 2025</td><td>'Sify Infiniti Employee Stock Option Plan 2025'. For details, see "Capital Structure - Employee Stock option Scheme of our Company" on page 107.</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies</td><td>The group companies of our Company in accordance with Regulation 2(1)(t) of SEBI ICDR Regulations as described in "Our Group Companies" beginning on page 475.</td></tr><tr><td>"Holding Company" or "Hold Co" or "STL"</td><td>Sify Technologies Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Chartered Engineer</td><td>Vignesh Madhavan, independent chartered engineer.</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director(s)</td><td>The independent directors of our Company, appointed as per the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, as described in "Our Management - Our Board" on page 325.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual Promoters</td><td>Individual promoters of our Company, being Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju, and Vegesna Bala Saraswathi.</td></tr><tr><td>IPO Committee</td><td>The IPO committee of our Board comprising of Arun Seth and Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao</td></tr><tr><td>KAAML</td><td>Kotak Alternate Asset Managers Limited</td></tr><tr><td>KDCF</td><td>Kotak Data Center Fund</td></tr><tr><td>KDCF DSA</td><td>The debenture subscription agreement dated July 20, 2023 by and amongst our Company, STL and KDCF as amended by KDCF WCA. For details, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters - Shareholders' agreements and other agreements - Debenture Subscription Agreements" on page 322.</td></tr><tr><td>KDCF WCA</td><td>Waiver cum amendment agreement dated September 25, 2025 to the KDCF DSA.</td></tr><tr><td>"Key Managerial Personnel" or "KMP"</td><td>The key managerial personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as described in "Our Management - Key Managerial Personnel" on page 339.</td></tr><tr><td>KSSF</td><td>Kotak Special Situations Fund</td></tr><tr><td>KSSF DSA</td><td>The debenture subscription agreement read with the put option agreement, each dated November 1, 2021, entered into between our Company, STL and KSSF as amended by KSSF WCA. For details, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters - Shareholders' agreements and other agreements - Debenture Subscription Agreements" on page 322.</td></tr><tr><td>KSSF WCA</td><td>Waiver cum amendment agreement dated September 25, 2025 to the KSSF DSA.</td></tr><tr><td>"Memorandum of Association" or "MoA"</td><td>The memorandum of association of our Company, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>NCD</td><td>8.95% senior, rated, listed, taxable, redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures issued on September 30, 2024 and listed on October 4, 2024.</td></tr><tr><td>NCRPS</td><td>Non-convertible redeemable preference shares of face value ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The nomination and remuneration committee of our Board, as described in "Our Management - Committees of our Board - Nomination and Remuneration Committee" on page 333.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Executive Director</td><td>The non-executive director(s) of our Company, namely Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju, Vegesna Bala Saraswathi, Arun Seth, Padmaja Chunduru, Ram Sewak Sharma, Mark Evan Adams and Thomas Michael Bradicich. For further details, see "Our Management - Our Board" on page 325.</td></tr><tr><td>Patel Auto</td><td>Patel Auto Engineering Company (India) Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Patel Auto Scheme</td><td>The scheme of amalgamation between Patel Auto and our Company and their respective shareholders and creditors, sanctioned by the National Company Law Tribunal, Division Bench - I at Chennai through its order dated January 9, 2025.</td></tr><tr><td>Print House</td><td>Print House (India) Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Print House Scheme</td><td>The scheme of amalgamation between Print House and our Company and their respective shareholders and creditors, sanctioned by the National Company Law Tribunal, Division Bench - II at Chennai through its order dated July 10, 2023.</td></tr><tr><td>Project Reports</td><td>Collectively, Data Center Project Technical Report Chennai 02 dated October 16, 2025 and the Data Center Project Technical Report T11& T12 Navi Mumbai dated October 16, 2025, issued by Vignesh Madhavan, Independent Chartered Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>Promoters</td><td>Our Corporate Promoters and Individual Promoters</td></tr><tr><td>Promoter Group</td><td>Individuals and entities constituting the promoter group of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as described in "Our Promoters and Promoter Group - Promoter Group" on page 345.</td></tr><tr><td>RCICPL</td><td>Ramanand Core Investment Company Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>"Registered Office" or "Registered and Corporate Office"</td><td>2nd Floor, TIDEL Park No 4, Rajiv Gandhi Salai, Taramani, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600 113</td></tr><tr><td>"Registrar of Companies" or "RoC"</td><td>The Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu at Chennai.</td></tr></tbody></table>