subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion the unsubscribed portion will be available for allocation and Allotment, proportionately to all Eligible Employees who have Bid in excess of ₹200,000, subject to the maximum value of Allotment made to such Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹500,000. Further, an Eligible Employee Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can also Bid in the Net Offer and such Bids will not be treated as multiple Bids subject to applicable limits. The undersubscribed portion, if any, in the Employee Reservation Portion shall be added back to the Net Offer. In case of undersubscription in the Net Offer, spill-over to the extent of such under-subscription shall be permitted from the Employee Reservation Portion.

1) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations. The QIB Portion will accordingly be reduced for the Equity Shares allocated to Anchor Investors. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than the Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. In the event the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than as specified above, the balance Equity Shares available for Allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders (other than the Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids. For further details, see "Offer Procedure" beginning on page 415. Further, not less than 15% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation to NIBs and not less than 35% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation to RIBs in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received from them at or above the Offer Price. The Equity Shares available for allocation to NIBs under the Non-Institutional Portion, shall be subject to the following: (i) one-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for Bidders with an application size of more than ₹200,000 and up to ₹1,000,000, and (ii) two-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for Bidders with application size of more than ₹1,000,000, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the aforementioned sub-categories may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of NIBs.
2) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. This Offer is being made in accordance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR and Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
3) In case of joint Bids, the Bid cum Application Form should contain only the name of the first Bidder whose name should also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such first Bidder would be required in the Bid cum Application Form and such first Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. Our Company reserves the right to reject, in its absolute discretion, all or any multiple Bids, except as otherwise permitted, in any or all categories.
4) Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-in Date as indicated in the CAN.
5) Bids by FPIs with certain structures as described under "Offer Procedure - Bids by Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPIs)" on page 513 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately distributed.
6) Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Selling Shareholders, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, designated partners, trustees, associates, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion at a price within the Price Band can make payment based on Bid Amount, at the time of making a Bid. Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion at the Cut-Off Price have to ensure payment at the Cap Price, at the time of making a Bid.

The Bids by FPIs with certain structures as described under "Offer Procedure - Bids by Foreign Portfolio Investors ("FPIs")" on page 513 and having same PAN will be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) will be proportionately distributed.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion or the Retail Portion would be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs and the Designated Stock Exchange, on a proportionate basis. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories. For further details, see "Terms of the Offer" beginning on page 496.

**In case of any revision in the Price Band, the Bid/ Offer Period shall be extended for at least three additional Working Days after such revision of the Price Band, subject to the total Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs, for reasons to be recorded in writing, may extend the Bid/Offer Period for a minimum of one Working Day, subject to the Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band, and the revised Bid/ Offer Period, if applicable, shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges by issuing a public announcement and also by indicating the change on the websites of the BRLMs and at the terminals of the members of the Syndicate.**

In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Bid cum Application Form for a particular Bidder, the details as per the Bid file received from the Stock Exchanges may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment.