<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Name of related party</td><td>Nature of relationship</td><td>Nature of transaction</td><td>For the three-months ended June 30, 2025</td><td>As a % of revenue from operations</td><td>For the year ended March 31, 2025</td><td>As a % of revenue from operations</td><td>For the year ended March 31, 2024</td><td>As a % of revenue from operations</td><td>For the year ended March 31, 2023</td><td>As a % of revenue from operations</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>28.</td><td>SKVR Software Solution Private Limited</td><td>Associate Company</td><td>Capital advance repayment / (given)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>3,606.90</td><td>25.25%</td><td>(1,639.70)</td><td>(14.72 %)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>29.</td><td>SKVR Software Solution Private Limited</td><td>Associate Company</td><td>Investment in Associate</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>196.00</td><td>1.76%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>30.</td><td>SKVR Software Solution Private Limited</td><td>Associate Company</td><td>Reimbursement of expenses</td><td>26.65</td><td>0.67%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>31.</td><td>SKVR Software Solution Private Limited</td><td>Associate Company</td><td>Security Deposit given</td><td>96.00</td><td>2.41%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>32.</td><td>Sify Technologies (Singapore) Pte. Limited</td><td>Fellow subsidiary</td><td>Receipt of services</td><td>9.03</td><td>0.23%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>33.</td><td>Remuneration</td><td>Key Management Personnel</td><td>Salaries and other short term benefits</td><td>6.27</td><td>0.16%</td><td>2.47</td><td>0.02%</td><td>2.10</td><td>0.02%</td><td>1.75</td><td>0.02%</td></tr><tr><td>34.</td><td>Remuneration</td><td>Key Management Personnel</td><td>Contributions to defined contribution plans</td><td>0.39</td><td>0.01%</td><td>0.15</td><td>0.00%</td><td>0.13</td><td>0.00%</td><td>0.08</td><td>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td>35.</td><td>Sitting Fees</td><td>Directors</td><td>Sitting Fees paid to directors</td><td>0.73</td><td>0.02%</td><td>2.65</td><td>0.02%</td><td>0.35</td><td>0.00%</td><td>0.25</td><td>0.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details of the related party transactions, see “Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions” on page 436.

There are no transactions eliminated during the three-months period ended June 30, 2025 and the Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023.

### Issuances of Equity Shares made in the last one year for consideration other than cash

Except as disclosed in “Capital Structure– Notes to the Capital Structure – Share capital history of our Company – (i) Equity share capital history of our Company” on page 95, our Company has not issued any Equity Shares for consideration other than cash in the one year preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

### Financing Arrangements

There have been no financing arrangements whereby our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, the directors of our Promoters, our Directors, and their relatives (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company (other than in the normal course of the business of the relevant financing entity) during a period of six months immediately preceding the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.