beginning on pages 35, 276 and 440, respectively, and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been calculated on the basis of amounts derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, as applicable.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Certain Non-GAAP financial measures relating to our financial performance, namely revenue growth, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, profit before tax margin, profit after tax margin, net debt, long term debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA, and certain other industry metrics and financial parameters have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. Further, these Non-GAAP measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. These Non-GAAP financial measures and other information relating to financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS. Such supplemental financial and operational information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Consolidated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Other Financial Information” and “Risk Factors – 56. We track certain operational metrics and non-generally accepted accounting principles, measures with internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement and any real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may adversely affect our business and reputation” on pages 440, 434 and 66, respectively.

## Currency and Units of Presentation

All references to:

* “Rupees” or “₹” or “INR” or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupee, the official currency of the Republic of India;

* “USD” or “US$” or “$” are to United States Dollar, the official currency of the United States;

Our Company has presented certain numerical information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in “million” units or in whole numbers where the numbers have been too small to represent in millions. One million represents 1,000,000 and one billion represents 1,000,000,000. However, where any figures that may have been sourced from third-party industry sources are expressed in denominations other than millions, such figures appear in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in such denominations as provided in the respective sources.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. All per share and percentage figures have been rounded off to one/ two decimal places. However, where any figures may have been sourced from third-party industry sources, such figures may be rounded off to such number of decimal places as provided in such respective sources.

## Time

All references to time in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to Indian Standard Time. Unless indicated otherwise, all references to a year in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to a calendar year.

## Exchange Rates

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains conversion of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that these currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate or at all.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between the Rupee and respective foreign currencies:

(amount in ₹)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Currency</th><th colspan="4">Exchange rate as at</th></tr><tr><th>June 30, 2025</th><th>March 31, 2025*</th><th>March 31, 2024**</th><th>March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1 USD</td><td>85.54</td><td>85.58</td><td>83.37</td><td>82.22</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: www.rbi.org.in