in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, and work permits. There is a risk that we may fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new projects. We cannot assure you that we will not be involved in future litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings including in relation to safety, health and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. For further details on the laws and regulations applicable to us, see “Key Regulations and Policies in India” on page 308.

**43. Our success depends on the expertise and dedication of members of our Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel, Directors and employees. Employee shortages, rising employee costs and high attrition rates among members of our Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel and Directors may harm our business and increase our operation costs, which could have a significant impact on the operations of our Company.**

We are dependent on a highly qualified, experienced and capable management team for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. We also depend on members of our Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel and our Directors for project implementation, the management and running of our daily operations and the planning and the successful execution of our business strategy. The loss of one or more members of our Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel or Directors could have a significant negative impact on our business. Except as disclosed in the section titled “*Our Management—Changes to our Board in the last three years*” on page 330, we have not experienced any attrition of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or members of Senior Management, in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain members of our Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel or Directors or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. There is intense competition for experienced management personnel with technical and industry expertise in the data center industry. In particular, any loss or interruption in the services of members of our Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel or Directors would significantly affect our ability to effectively manage our operations and to meet our strategic objectives. In addition, we would incur additional expenses and need to devote significant time and resources to recruit and train replacement personnel, which could further disrupt our business and growth.

Moreover, our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled working professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and the quality of our services could suffer. Competition for qualified technical personnel as well as sales personnel with established client relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees.

As of June 30, 2025, we had 269 full-time employees who performed a variety of functions across the business operations of our Company. The following table sets forth the number of permanent employees, the attrition rate, the Key Managerial Personnel attrition rate and the Senior Management attrition rates for each of the periods/years indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Three months ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of permanent employees</td><td>269</td><td>263</td><td>226</td><td>193</td></tr><tr><td>Attrition Rate¹ (%)</td><td>7.22%</td><td>23.83%</td><td>20.78%</td><td>16.80%</td></tr><tr><td>Key Managerial Personnel attrition rate (%)</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Senior Management attrition rate (%)</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Notes:**

(1) Employees exited during the period/Fiscal divided by the average number of employees for the period/Fiscal. The average number of employees is computed as average of number of employees at the beginning and end of the period/Fiscal.

Failure to obtain stable, skilled and dedicated employee support may cause disruption to our business that harms our operations. Furthermore, employee costs have increased in India in recent years and is expected to continue to increase in the near future. To remain competitive, we may need to provide compensation and good environment to attract and retain them, which may in turn lead to increased costs and reduced margins.

For details regarding our human resources, see “*Our Business – Human Resources*” on page 304. We may also require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel leaves from their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and other non-fiscal benefits more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled personnel. If we cannot attract and retain skilled personnel, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.