**Information Technology (The Indian Computer Emergency Response Team and Manner of Performing Functions and Duties) Rules, 2013 ("CERT-In Rules" or "Rules")**

The Indian Computer Emergency Response Team ("CERT-In") was established by the Government of India under Section 70B of the IT Act and was officially appointed on October 27, 2009. Further, the CERT-In Rules were established under Section 70B(5) of the IT Act and officially notified on January 16, 2014. CERT-In serves as the national agency for cybersecurity incident response, playing a crucial role in monitoring, preventing, and responding to cybersecurity incidents across India. To regulate its functioning and ensure a structured approach to cybersecurity, the Government of India notified the CERT-In Rules on January 16, 2014. These Rules define CERT-In's roles, responsibilities and authority, outlining its interactions with stakeholders such as government organizations, service providers, intermediaries, data centres, and corporate entities. CERT-In is responsible for collecting, analysing and disseminating information on cyber incidents, issuing guidelines and advisories, and coordinating response measures to mitigate cybersecurity threats. The Rules empower CERT-In to call for information and issue binding directions to organizations in the event of cybersecurity incidents. Additionally, entities are required to report cyber incidents to CERT-In and implement cybersecurity best practices. Non-compliance with these directives may result in penalties under Section 70B(7) of the IT Act, 2000, including imprisonment of up to one year, a fine of up to ₹ 1 lakh, or both.

**Cyber Security Directions, 2022**

The Cyber Security Directions dated April 28, 2022, issued by the CERT-In, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, mandate entities to report cyber incidents within six hours of noticing them. These directions mandate mandatory reporting of cyber incidents such as data breaches, ransomware attacks, and system compromises within six hours of detection. Organizations must also enable and retain Information and Communication Technology ("ICT") system logs for 180 days within Indian jurisdiction and provide them to CERT-In upon request. To maintain accurate cybersecurity event tracking, all ICT systems must be synchronized with the Network Time Protocol servers of the National Informatics Centre or National Physical Laboratory. Additionally, data centres, cloud service providers, VPS providers, and VPN providers are required to register and maintain customer records, including validated names, IP addresses, and contact details, for at least five years. Failure to comply with these directions may result in penalties under Section 70B(7) of the IT Act, 2000, including fines and imprisonment.

**Draft Data Centre Policy, 2020**

The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology ("MeitY"), in November 2020, released the draft Data Centre Policy ("the Policy") for development of Data Centres infrastructure within India, driven by the growing need for data localization and digital infrastructure in India. The policy lays forth plans for the Data Centre Sector's ("DCS") advancement. It suggests giving DCS an 'Infrastructure Status' so that it can access long-term credit from lenders on favorable terms. It recommends the Data Centre Incentivization Scheme ("DCIS'), which outlines both non-fiscal and fiscal incentives for DCS, among other things. Additionally, it suggests creating designated areas known as secure data zones areas, called "Data Centre Parks" to meet the high demands of networking, storage, and a variety of data-related services, along with the necessary infrastructure, such as water and electricity. The Policy proposes the establishment of Data Centre Economic Zones comprising Hyper-scale Data Centres, Cloud Service Providers, IT companies, R&D units, etc. It outlines an institutional framework for governance wherein it proposes setting up an Inter-Ministerial Empowered Committee ("IMEC"), a decision-making body in the DCS, Data Centre Facilitation Unit under IMEC to oversee the implementation of various measures and initiatives and a Data Centre Industry Council to act as an interface between DCS and the Government.

**E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022**

The E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022 ("EWM Rules"), notified by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change on November 2, 2022, came into effect on April 1, 2023, replacing the E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2016. These rules introduce a revised Extended Producer Responsibility ("EPR") framework, making producers responsible for ensuring the environmentally sound management of e-waste through collection targets, authorized recyclers, and an online EPR portal. The scope of regulated electronic and electrical equipment ("EEE") has been expanded to over 100 product categories. The rules also mandate producers, manufacturers, refurbishers, and recyclers to register on the centralized EPR Portal, which will monitor compliance and facilitate e-waste tracking. Under the EPR framework, obligated entities must ensure that e-waste is collected and processed through authorized dismantlers and recyclers while meeting annual collection and recycling targets. The EWM Rules prohibit disposal in landfills and incineration, emphasizing the need for scientific recycling and recovery of valuable materials. Additionally, producers are permitted to meet their EPR obligations through market-based mechanisms, such as purchasing EPR certificates from recyclers.