OFFER STRUCTURE

The Offer is of up to [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹10 per Equity Share (including a share premium of ₹[•] per Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹ 37,000.00 million comprising a Fresh Issue of up to [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹ 25,000.00 million and an Offer for Sale of up to [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹ 12,000.00 million by the Selling Shareholders. For details, see “The Offer” beginning on page 79.

The Offer shall constitute [•]% of the post-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company, respectively.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹ 5,000.00 million prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. Further, details of the Pre-IPO Placement, if any, shall be reported to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transactions, in accordance with Regulation 54 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

In terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, the Offer is being made through the Book Building Process, in compliance with Regulation 31 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Eligible Employees#</td><td>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>Non-Institutional Bidders<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>Retail Individual Bidders</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for Allotment/allocation<sup>*(2)</sup></td><td>Up to [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each</td><td>Not more than [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each, aggregating up to ₹ [•] million.</td><td>Not less than [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each available for allocation or Net Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and RIBs</td><td>Not less than [•] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each available for allocation or Net Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and Non-Institutional Bidders</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Offer Size available for Allotment/allocation</td><td>Up to [•] % of the post-Offer paid up equity share capital of our Company. The Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed 5% of the post-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company.</td><td>Not more than 50% of the Net Offer size shall be available for allocation to QIB Bidders. However, up to 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining Net QIB Portion. The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the other QIB Portion</td><td>Not less than 15% of the Net Offer or Net Offer less allocation to QIBs and RIBs subject to the following:<br/>a) One third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹200,000 and up to ₹1,000,000; and<br/>b) two third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹1.00 million.<br/>provided that the unsubscribed portion in either the sub-categories mentioned above may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of NIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.</td><td>Not less than 35% of the Net Offer or the Net Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and NIBs will be available for allocation.</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment/ allocation if respective category is oversubscribed</td><td>Proportionate#; unless the Employee Reservation Portion is undersubscribed, the value of allocation to an</td><td>Proportionate, as follows (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion):<br/>a) up to [•] equity shares of face value</td><td>The allotment of specified securities to each Non-Institutional Bidder shall not be less than the minimum Non</td><td>The allotment to each RIB shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of Equity</td></tr></tbody></table>

502