neutral, which ensures that our clients have the flexibility to connect to the network providers and cloud interconnects of their choice.

We develop our data centers based on a customized performance optimized design (“POD”), which is a modular-style design that allows capacity to be scaled quickly and tailored to meet, and be responsive to, client demand. POD-based design enables agile capacity expansion, faster deployment, and optimized resource utilization. For example, our POD-based design enables quick duplication of IT and non-IT services, thereby facilitating quicker go-to-market timeframes for clients.

We have implemented a 10-level security automation system within our data centers, which provides comprehensive physical and cybersecurity protection from gate to server and safeguards critical data and infrastructure. Our data centers are concurrently maintainable and have obtained top-tier certifications from industry bodies. For example, the Tower 5 facility at the Rabale Data Center campus, the Tower B facility at the Chennai 02 Data Center and the Tower B facility at the Noida 02 Data Center are TIA-942 Rated 4 certified. Additionally, the Tower B facility at the Chennai 02 Data Center has been awarded the Indian Green Building Council Platinum rating. Moreover, our facilities are also compliant with applicable industry standards, including PCI DSS, SOC 1, SOC 2, SOC 3, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013, and ISO 20000-1:2018.

## Our services

We offer a converged ecosystem of data center services, including colocation, build-to-suit, interconnection, and value-added services that enable clients to securely house their IT infrastructure in scalable and energy-efficient facilities, seamlessly connect with partners and cloud providers for data exchange, and optimize operations with tailored digital solutions that meet evolving demands. The converged ecosystem that we offer creates an environment for Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients to mutually benefit from colocating in our data centers. For example, Enterprise clients have the opportunity to interconnect with our Hyperscaler clients, which ensures ultra-low latency for mission-critical applications, and our Hyperscaler clients can augment their offerings to their Enterprise clients through low-latency colocation. We also offer our clients the ability to connect from our data centers to more than 1 interconnection point with the availability zones of any cloud service provider. Moreover, our most recently-developed data center facilities, namely Tower 5 at the Rabale Data Center campus, and Tower B at the Chennai 02 Data Center and Tower B at the Noida 02 Data Center are equipped to handle AI-related work with specifications that can host workloads of up to 130 kW per rack using direct-to-chip technology.

We also offer a suite of solutions incorporating network connectivity services and digital IT tools and services, which are enabled by our Promoter, STL, and one of our group companies, Sify Digital Services Limited (“SDSL”), to our clients who require such services. These complementary services, which are provided by STL and SDSL, enable us to act as a one-stop provider of a converged spectrum of ICT services to our clients, which differentiates us from our competitors. For example, we are able to offer network connectivity up to the rack, and our campuses provide access to interconnects with multiple public cloud providers in India, supporting a range of cloud deployment requirements. Value-added services include compute and analytics services, and any deeper client engagement is extended by SDSL.

This wide spectrum of services provides single-pane visibility to our clients’ top management, such as chief technology officers and chief information officers, enabling them to maintain a holistic overview of operations, accelerate decision-making and streamline operations. It further provides us with opportunities to cross-sell and up-sell to our large client base. This means that our data center clients are able to obtain network or digital services (enabled by our Promoter, STL, and one of our group companies, SDSL), and our Company is able to offer data center colocation services to clients who avail themselves of our Promoter, STL’s network connectivity services or our group company, SDSL’s digital IT tools and services.

Moreover, we offer a range of incidental data center services, including “meet-me rooms” or network termination facilities, both into the data center and outward toward Cloud platforms. Our services offering also includes asset set-up, powering, auditing and regular maintenance services to our colocated Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients. These complementary services, which help reduce commissioning cycle times, enable us to build stronger long-term relationships with our clients.

## Value proposition for our clients

We have a diversified client base of over 500 clients, as of June 30, 2025, which comprises a mix of prominent Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients. In particular, as of June 30, 2025, our client base included 3 of the top 4 global Hyperscaler companies, based on cloud services revenue in the second quarter of calendar year 2024, operating in India, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. According to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, our long-term collaborations with, and repeat mandates from, our Hyperscaler clients are a testament to the trust our Company commands in the industry. As of June 30, 2025, our diverse community of Enterprise clients included 7 of the top 10 Indian banks, based on Fiscal 2024 revenues, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, as well as leading companies across sectors such as financial services, fintech, social media, and retail space, for whom digital infrastructure is mission-critical to business operations.

Our value proposition for our clients is predicated on the following pillars.