clients demand new processes or technologies, we may not be able to upgrade our data centers in a cost-effective manner, or at all, due to, among other things, increased expenses to us that cannot be passed on to clients or insufficient revenue to fund the necessary capital expenditures. While our business has not been impacted by obsolescence of our technologies and infrastructure, we cannot assure you that we will not experience such obsolescence in the future. Changes in technology may make newer solutions more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditure to upgrade our facilities and technology. If we are unable, for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, evolving client requirements or technological changes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Should our power and cooling systems become obsolete in the future, or we be unable to upgrade them or our data centers, including associated connectivity, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

7. **If demand for data center solutions in India, in particular demand for AI workloads and IoT applications, does not continue to grow as anticipated, our business, profitability and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.**

We design our data centers to support a wide range of workloads for our clients. For example, our data center in Airoli, Mumbai (the “Airoli Data Center”) and our data center in Bengaluru (the “Bengaluru Data Center”) are built to accommodate cloud hosting (public and hybrid cloud hosting). Our most recently-developed data centers (the Rabale Data Center (Tower 5), the Chennai 02 Data Center (Tower B) and the Noida 02 Data Center (Tower B)) are equipped with facilities to handle AI-related applications with specifications that can host workloads of up to 130 kilowatt (“kW”) per rack using direct-to-chip technology. Moreover, our Edge data centers are equipped to serve clients that require real-time processing of data, such as over-the-top (“OTT”) players, smart cities, IoT and industrial automation clients, among others, and offer the flexibility to adapt to AI- and IoT-driven shifts to meet the growing demands of Edge computing. Our business growth and profitability therefore depend on sustained ongoing growth in demand for AI-ready workloads and IoT applications in India. If demand for AI workloads or IoT applications does not grow in line with market expectations, or the internet ecosystem in India develops slower than we estimate, actual demand for data center solutions may be substantially lower than we anticipate, which might have a material adverse impact on our business, profitability and results of operations.

8. **The data center business is capital-intensive, and our expectation for our capacity to generate capital in the short term may be insufficient to meet our anticipated capital requirements.**

The costs of building, developing and operating data centers are substantial, and such costs have increased in recent years. We are required to fund the costs of building, developing and operating our data centers with cash retained from operations, as well as from financings from bank and other borrowings. The following table sets forth our capital expenditures on data center development for the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three months ended<br/>June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><td colspan="4">(₹ in million)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Buildings</td><td>2,834.60</td><td>67.00</td><td>1,857.50</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Plant and equipment</td><td>1,768.60</td><td>3,837.50</td><td>940.20</td><td>1,829.40</td></tr><tr><td>Furniture and fittings</td><td>0.10</td><td>0.70</td><td>2.40</td><td>0.90</td></tr><tr><td>Office equipment</td><td>292.20</td><td>846.30</td><td>256.10</td><td>409.30</td></tr><tr><td>Motor vehicles</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>3.10</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Leasehold<br/>improvements</td><td>376.70</td><td>3,690.42</td><td>1,387.20</td><td>1,221.80</td></tr><tr><td>System software</td><td>-</td><td>0.20</td><td>3.90</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total data center<br/>development capital<br/>expenditure</strong></td><td><strong>5,272.20</strong></td><td><strong>8,442.12</strong></td><td><strong>4,450.40</strong></td><td><strong>3,461.40</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

While we have been able to access sufficient capital to meet our capacity needs and planned capacity expansion in the three months ended June 30, 2025, and in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we may face challenges in accessing capital or raising sufficient debt to fund our expansion or to meet our clients’ expansion requirements in the future. Such challenges may be exacerbated as the costs of building, developing and operating data centers may continue to increase in the future. Further, we may encounter development delays, excess development costs, or delays in developing space for our clients to colocate. We also may not be able to identify suitable land or facilities for new data centers in strategic locations, in our target areas, or at a cost or terms acceptable to us. If we cannot generate sufficient capital to meet our anticipated capital requirements or are unable to develop and operate our data centers profitably, our financial condition, business expansion