## Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management

### Key Managerial Personnel

In addition to Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao, the Whole-time Director of our Company, whose details are provided in “– Brief profiles of our Directors” on page 327, the details of our other Key Managerial Personnel in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are set forth below:

**Ganesh Sankararaman** is the Chief Financial Officer of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since October 22, 2024. He holds a bachelor's degree in science (mathematics) from University of Madras. He is an associate of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and an associate of Institute of Cost Accountants of India. He is responsible for driving the company's financial strategy, ensuring fiscal health, compliance and sustainable growth through effective planning, and reporting. He has over 24 years of experience in the manufacturing and service sector. He has previously served as the senior vice president (finance) of STL, senior general manager of finance of E.I.D Parry (India) Limited and as Assistant Manager (Accounts) of Transenergy Private Limited. During Fiscal 2025, amount of ₹ 0.58 million was cross-charged to our Company by STL, one of our Promoters, which has been cross-charged pursuant to his association with our Company.

**Poornasandar D J** is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since January 28, 2021. He holds a bachelor's degree in commerce from Madurai Kamaraj University and is an associate member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He is responsible for ensuring corporate governance, regulatory compliance, and statutory reporting while serving as the key link between the Board, regulators and stakeholders. He has over 13 years of experience in secretarial and compliance matters. He has previously served as assistant manager (secretarial) of STL. During Fiscal 2025, he received a remuneration of ₹ 2.62 million.

### Members of our Senior Management

In addition to Ganesh Sankararaman, our Chief Financial Officer and Poornasandar D J, our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, whose details are provided above, the details of our Senior Management, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, are as set forth below:

**Sharad Agarwal** is the Chief Executive Officer of our Company however not as prescribed under Section 2(18) of the Companies Act, 2013. He has been associated with our Company since August 12, 2024. He holds a bachelor's degree in engineering (computer) from Shri Govind Ram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science, Indore. He has over 19 years of experience in technology implementation, professional services and consulting. He is responsible for providing strategic leadership and overall direction to the organization, driving growth, culture and long-term value creation. He has previously served as the vice president of business development of Vantage Data Centers APAC Pte Limited LLC, senior manager – technical infrastructure project manager of Amazon Data Services (India) Private Limited and as BD director of Orange Business Services India Network Private Limited. In Fiscal Year 2025, he received a remuneration of ₹ 18.02 million.

**CB Priya** is Chief Risk Officer of our Company. She has been associated with our Company since October 1, 2024. She has passed the final examination for a degree in commerce from Gangadhar Meher College, Sambalpur University and post graduate diploma in computer applications from Madura Kamraj University. She has passed the final examination held by Institute of Cost and Works Accountants. She is responsible for overseeing risk management, ensuring identification, mitigation and governance of financial, operational and compliance risks. She has over 24 years of experience in marketing and finance. She has previously served as the vice president (business finance) of STL, deputy manager of Ford Business Services Center, associate – marketing finance with Ford India Limited and as deputy marketing manager of Monarch International. In Fiscal 2025, CB Priya received a total remuneration of ₹4.47 million, of which ₹2.33 million was paid by STL, as she was on its payroll until September 30, 2024, and such amount was cross-charged to the Company.

**Arun Jayaprakash** is the Director - Human Resources of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since April 1, 2025. He holds a bachelor's degree in science (hotel and catering management) from University of Madras and a master's degree in business administration from Karunya Institute of Technology, Siruvani, Bharathiar University, Coimbatore. He leads people strategy, talent management, and organizational development to build a high-performing and engaged workforce. He has over 22 years of experience in human resources function. He has previously served as the director – human resource of STL, senior manager of recruitment of Alten Calsoft Labs (India) Private Limited and executive of human resources of RR Infotech Limited. He was paid an amount of ₹5.01 million by STL, one of our Promoters, in Fiscal 2025. Since he joined our Company in Fiscal 2026, he did not receive any remuneration in Fiscal 2025 from our Company.

## Status of Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management

All our Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management are permanent employees of our Company.

## Shareholding of Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management in our Company