Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby adversely impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, future financial condition and results of operations.

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. These developments, and the uncertainty of the economic impact such developments may have may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital.

Further, global trade tensions among the world's largest economies, and in particular tensions between the U.S. and major trading partners, China and Russia, continue to escalate following the introduction of a series of tariff measures in during calendar year 2025. Although China and Russia are the primary targets of U.S. trade measures, value chain linkages mean that other emerging markets, primarily in Asia, may also be impacted. China's policy response to these trade measures also presents a degree of uncertainty.

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, business, and financial performance.

The long-term effect on the global economy remains uncertain. However, any reduction in global business activity may adversely affect economies and consumer spending, which may in turn affect our business.

72. ***If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services in order to pass costs on to our clients and our profits might decline.***

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the price of transportation, wages, raw materials, power and other expenses, and we may be unable to reduce our costs or pass the increased costs on to our clients by increasing the price that we charge for our services, and our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may therefore be adversely affected.

73. ***The Indian tax regime has undergone substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares.***

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Income Tax Act, 1961 ("IT Act") was amended to provide domestic companies an option to pay corporate income tax at the effective rate of 25.17% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), as compared to an effective rate of 34.94% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), provided such companies do not claim certain specified deductions or exemptions. Further, where a company has opted to pay the reduced corporate tax rate, the minimum alternate tax provisions would not be applicable. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us.

Further, with the implementation of the goods and services tax ("GST") regime in India, we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer, which limits our benefits. In order for us to utilize input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant. There can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will be compliant with GST requirements. Any such failure may result in us incurring increased costs on account of non-compliance and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Earlier, distribution of dividends by a domestic company was subject to Dividend Distribution Tax ("DDT"), in the hands of the company at an effective rate of 20.56% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and cess). Such dividends were generally exempt from tax in the hands of the shareholders. However, the GoI has amended the IT Act to abolish the DDT regime. Accordingly, any dividend distribution by a domestic company is subject to tax in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Additionally, we are required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate.

For instance, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Financial Year 2026 (the "Budget"), pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2025 has amended the Income-tax Act, 1961, including the capital gains tax rates with effect from the date of announcement of the Budget. The Finance Act, 2025, proposes changes to India's taxation framework, including raising the tax exemption threshold to ₹1.2 million annually and recalibrating tax slabs, with the maximum rate of 30% applying to incomes of ₹2.4 million and above. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning, investing or trading in the Equity Shares. Further, a bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 13, 2025 to