## Notes forming part of the Restated Consolidated financial information

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees millions except share data and as stated)

### 39. Dues to micro, small or medium enterprises

As per the Office memorandum issued by the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises dated August 26, 2008 recommends that the Micro and Small Enterprises should mention in their correspondence with its customers the Entrepreneurs Memorandum Number as allocated after filing of the Memorandum in accordance with the 'Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006' ('the Act'). Accordingly, the disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to such enterprises as at June 30, 2025, March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 has been made in the financial information based on information received and available with the Company. As the records available with the company, there are dues payable to micro, small and medium enterprises as at June 30, 2025, March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 & March 31, 2023. The Company has not received any claim for interest from any supplier as at the Statement of Assets and Liabilities date.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Consolidated</th><th colspan="2">Standalone</th></tr><tr><th>As at<br>June 30,<br>2025</th><th>As at<br>March 31,<br>2025</th><th>As at<br>March 31,<br>2024</th><th>As at<br>March 31,<br>2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>a. the principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid at the end of accounting period/ year</td><td>98.23</td><td>32.73</td><td>9.14</td><td>5.50</td></tr><tr><td>b. the amount of interest paid by the buyer beyond the appointed day during the accounting period/ year</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>c. the amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>d. the amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the accounting period/ year</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>e. the amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure under section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></tbody></table>

### 40. Capital management

The Company's capital comprises equity share capital, share premium, retained earnings and other equity attributable to equity holders. The primary objective of Company's capital management is to maximise shareholders value. The Company manages its capital and makes adjustment to it in light of the changes in economic and market conditions. The Company does so by adjusting dividend paid to shareholders. The total capital as on June 30, 2025 is ₹ 17,543.26, March 31, 2025 is ₹ 17,408.26, March 31, 2024 is ₹ 15,481.79 and March 31, 2023 is ₹ 9,169.34.

The Company monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital. Net debt comprises of long term and short term borrowings less cash and bank balances. Equity includes equity share capital and reserves that are managed as capital. The gearing at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Consolidated</th><th colspan="2">Standalone</th></tr><tr><th>As at<br>June 30, 2025</th><th>As at<br>March 31,<br>2025</th><th>As at<br>March 31,<br>2024</th><th>As at<br>March 31,<br>2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Debt</td><td>21,703.22</td><td>23,181.49</td><td>19,882.60</td><td>15,811.60</td></tr><tr><td>Less: cash and bank balances</td><td>(1,502.36)</td><td>(3,324.70)</td><td>(2,919.14)</td><td>(2,891.20)</td></tr><tr><td>Net debt</td><td>20,200.86</td><td>19,856.79</td><td>16,963.46</td><td>12,920.40</td></tr><tr><td>Equity</td><td>17,543.26</td><td>17,408.26</td><td>15,481.79</td><td>9,169.34</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Net debt to Equity ratio</strong></td><td><strong>A/B</strong></td><td><strong>115%</strong></td><td><strong>114%</strong></td><td><strong>110%</strong></td><td><strong>141%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

### 41. Merger of Print House (India) Private Limited

During FY 2020-21, Sify Technologies Limited ('STL') has acquired Print House India Private Limited ('PHIPL') through Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process. STL emerged as successful Resolution Applicant (RA) vide Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal ('NCLT') order dated June 23, 2020. STL took over the management of affairs of PHIPL on October 16, 2020.