<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Restated Consolidated Financial Information</td><td>Restated consolidated financial information of our Company and SKVR, its Associate, comprising the restated consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as at June 30, 2025 and as at March 31, 2025, the restated consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated consolidated statement of changes in equity, the restated consolidated statement of cash flows for the three month period ended June 30, 2025 and for the year ended March 31, 2025, the summary of material accounting policies, and other explanatory information, and the restated standalone statement of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2024 and 2023, the restated standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated standalone statement of changes in equity, the restated standalone statement of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, prepared in accordance with Ind AS and as per requirement of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations, as amended and the Guidance Note on 'Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)' issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Risk Management Committee</td><td>The risk management committee of our Board as described in "Our Management – Committees of our Board – Risk Management Committee" on page 336.</td></tr><tr><td>RVIPL</td><td>Raju Vegesna Infotech & Industries Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>SDSL</td><td>Sify Digital Services Limited</td></tr><tr><td>"Selling Shareholders" or "Investor Selling Shareholders"</td><td>KDCF and KSSF.</td></tr><tr><td>"Senior Management" or "SMP"</td><td>Members of senior management of our Company in accordance with Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as disclosed in "Our Management – Members of our Senior Management" on page 339.</td></tr><tr><td>Series 1 CCDs</td><td>Compulsorily convertible debentures – series 1 of face value of ₹100 each of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Series 2 CCDs</td><td>Compulsorily convertible debentures – series 2 of face value of ₹100 each of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Series 4 CCDs</td><td>Compulsorily convertible debentures – series 4 of face value of ₹100 each of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Series 5 CCDs</td><td>Compulsorily convertible debentures – series 5 of face value of ₹100 each of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Shareholder(s)</td><td>The holders of Equity Shares of our Company from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Sify Brand Licensing Agreement</td><td>The permitted user agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and STL. For details see, "History and Certain Corporate Matters - Business Transfer Agreement dated January 28, 2021 executed between our Company and STL" on page 321.</td></tr><tr><td>Stakeholders Relationship Committee</td><td>The stakeholders relationship committee of our Board as described in "Our Management - Committees of our Board – Stakeholders Relationship Committee" on page 334.</td></tr><tr><td>"Statutory Auditors" or "Auditors"</td><td>Manohar Chowdhry & Associates, Chartered Accountants.</td></tr><tr><td>STL CCDs</td><td>Compulsorily convertible debentures of face value of ₹100 each of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>STL DSAs</td><td>Debenture subscription agreements dated March 29, 2022, October 27, 2022, March 30, 2023, and August 4, 2025, entered into between our Company and STL. For details, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters – Shareholders' agreements and other agreements – Debenture Subscription Agreements" on page 322.</td></tr><tr><td>Whole-time Director(s)</td><td>The whole-time director of our Company, namely Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao. For further details, see "Our Management – Our Board" on page 325.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Offer Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abridged Prospectus</td><td>The memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>Acknowledgement Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) to a Bidder as proof of registration of the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>"Allot" or "Allotment" or "Allotted"</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Fresh Issue and transfer of the Offered Shares pursuant to the Offer for Sale to the successful Bidders.</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Advice</td><td>A note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the successful Bidders who have been or are to be Allotted the Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Allottee</td><td>A successful Bidder to whom the Equity Shares are Allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor(s)</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹100.00 million.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Allocation Price</td><td>Price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, during the Anchor Investor Bid/Offer Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investor Application Form</td><td>Application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the requirements specified under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr></tbody></table>

3