<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>The maximum Bid Amount under the Employee Reservation Portion by an Eligible Employee shall not exceed ₹0.50 million (net of Employee Discount, if any). However, the initial Allotment to an Eligible Employee in the Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed ₹0.20 million (net of Employee Discount, if any). Only in the event of an under-subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion post initial Allotment, such unsubscribed portion may be Allotted on a proportionate basis to Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion, for a value in excess of ₹0.20 million (net of Employee Discount, if any), subject to the total Allotment to an Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹0.50 million (net of Employee Discount, if any).</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible FPI(s)</td><td>FPI(s) that are eligible to participate in the Offer in terms of the applicable law and from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer/invitation under the Offer and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to the Equity Shares offered thereby.</td></tr><tr><td>Eligible NRI(s)</td><td>NRI(s) eligible to invest under Schedule 3 and Schedule 4 of the FEMA NDI Rules, from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or invitation under the Offer and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Red Herring Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe to or to purchase the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Employee Discount</td><td>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may offer a discount of up to [●]% on the Offer Price (equivalent of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) to Eligible Employees which shall be announced at least two Working Days prior to the Bid / Offer Opening Date</td></tr><tr><td>Employee Reservation Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer being up to [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹[●] million, available for allocation to Eligible Employees, on a proportionate basis.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Account(s)</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account(s) to be opened with the Escrow Collection Bank(s) and in whose favour the Bidders (excluding ASBA Bidders) will transfer money through NACH/direct credit/NEFT/RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>Escrow Collection Bank(s)</td><td>The bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as a banker to an issue under the SEBI BTI Regulations and with whom the Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>"First Bidder" or "Sole Bidder"</td><td>Bidder whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.</td></tr><tr><td>Floor Price</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, not being less than the face value of the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each, at or above which the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price will be finalised and below which no Bids will be accepted.</td></tr><tr><td>Fraudulent Borrower</td><td>A company or person, as the case may be, categorised as a fraudulent borrower by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on fraudulent borrowers issued by the RBI and as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Issue</td><td>Fresh issue of up to [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹ 25,000.00 million by our Company.<br/>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, aggregating up to ₹5,000.00 million, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the RHP and Prospectus. Further, details of the Pre-IPO Placement, if any, shall be reported to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transactions, in accordance with Regulation 54 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Fugitive Economic Offender</td><td>An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>"General Information Document" or "GID"</td><td>The General Information Document for investing in public issues, prepared and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020, the UPI Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General Information Document shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges, and the Book Running Lead Managers.</td></tr><tr><td>Gross Proceeds</td><td>The gross proceeds of the Fresh Issue that will be available to our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>JM Financial</td><td>JM Financial Limited</td></tr><tr><td>J.P. Morgan</td><td>J.P. Morgan India Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>Kotak</td><td>Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited</td></tr></tbody></table>