4. P/E Ratio for the listed industry peer has been computed based on the closing market price of equity shares, on October 9, 2025 and converted at a USD-INR exchange rate of 88.78 for Equinix, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and at an AUD-INR exchange rate of 58.46 for NEXTDC Limited, divided by the diluted EPS of the latest respective Fiscal years.
5. Return on Net Worth (%) = Profit/(loss) for the year for the Fiscal divided by the average of Net Worth of the latest relevant Fiscal and previous Fiscal.
6. Reported figures for Equinix, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. in USD have been converted to INR at the average USD-INR rate of 83.67 for the Fiscal year (Source: www.x-rates.com) for Revenue from operations, EPS and total profit/(loss) for the year and at the end of the Fiscal year USD-INR rate of 84.97 (Source: www.x-rates.com) for Face Value, Net Worth and Net asset value per equity share as given below
7. Reported figures for NEXTDC Limited in AUD have been converted to INR at the average AUD-INR rate of 55.02 for the Fiscal year (Source: www.x-rates.com) for Revenue from operations, EPS and total profit/(loss) for the year and at the end of the Fiscal year AUD-INR rate of 55.81 (Source: www.x-rates.com) for Face Value, Net Worth and Net asset value per equity share as given below.

For the purpose of selection of our peer set, as there are no Indian publicly listed pure-play data center providers, we have focussed on globally listed data center providers. We have not considered NTT Data Centers, Nxtra Data (by Airtel), CtrIS Datacenters, and ST Telemedia GDC mentioned in the Industry Report as they are not publicly listed.

## 7. Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”)

The table below sets forth the details of the KPIs that our Company considers have a bearing for arriving at the basis for Offer Price. These KPIs have been used historically by our Company to understand and analyse the business performance, which in result, help us in analysing the growth of our business in comparison to our peers.

Our Company considers that the KPIs set forth below are the ones that may have a bearing for arriving at the basis for the Offer Price. The list of our KPIs along with brief explanation of the relevance of the KPI for our business operations are set forth below. The KPIs disclosed below have been approved and confirmed by a resolution of our Audit Committee dated October 14, 2025. The management and the members of the Audit Committee have confirmed that the KPIs disclosed below have been identified and disclosed in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the industry standards on key performance indicators disclosures in the draft offer document and offer document. Further, the management and the members of our Audit Committee have confirmed that the verified and audited details of all KPIs pertaining to our Company and confirmed that the KPIs pertaining to our Company that have been disclosed to investors at any point of time during the three years prior to the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been disclosed in this section and have been subjected to verification and certification by Manohar Chowdhry & Associates, Statutory Auditors, pursuant to certificate dated October 16, 2025, which has been included as part of the “Material Contracts and Documents for Inspections” beginning on page 545. Further, the Audit Committee have also confirmed that there are no KPIs pertaining to our Company that have been disclosed to our Promoters, Employees or Directors of our Company in their capacity as a shareholder of the Company at any point of time during the three years prior to the filing of the DRHP.

For details of other business and operating metrics disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, see “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 276 and 440, respectively.

We have described and defined the KPIs, as applicable, in the section “Definitions and Abbreviations – Key Performance Indicators” on page 15.

Bidders are encouraged to review the Ind AS financial measures and not to rely on any single financial or operational metric to evaluate our business. Our Company confirms that it shall continue to disclose all the KPIs included in this section on a periodic basis, at least once a year (or for any lesser period as determined by the Board of our Company), for a duration of one year after the date of listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges or till the utilisation of the proceeds from the Offer, whichever is later, or for such other duration as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

**Details of KPIs as at/ for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31 2024, and March 31, 2023 and quarter ended June 30, 2025**

<table><thead><tr><th>Metric</th><th>Unit</th><th>Three-Months ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Financial Year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>Financial Year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>Financial Year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue from Operations¹</td><td>INR Mn</td><td>3,985.98</td><td>14,283.65</td><td>11,141.70</td><td>10,213.40</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue Growth²</td><td>%</td><td>NA³</td><td>28.20%</td><td>9.09%</td><td>34.70%</td></tr><tr><td>Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortization (“EBITDA”)⁴</td><td>INR Mn</td><td>1,767.18</td><td>6,342.46</td><td>4,652.65</td><td>4,126.06</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin⁵</td><td>%</td><td>44.33%</td><td>44.40%</td><td>41.76%</td><td>40.40%</td></tr><tr><td>Profit Before Tax (“PBT”)⁶</td><td>INR Mn</td><td>195.97</td><td>1,802.64</td><td>1,141.78</td><td>1,268.46</td></tr><tr><td>PBT Margin⁷</td><td>%</td><td>4.92%</td><td>12.62%</td><td>10.25%</td><td>12.42%</td></tr></tbody></table>