FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains certain “forward-looking statements”. All statements contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus that are not statements of historical fact constitute “forward-looking statements”. All statements regarding our expected financial condition and results of operations, business, plans and prospects are “forward-looking statements”.

These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “estimate”, “intend”, “likely to”, “seek to”, “shall”, “objective”, “plan”, “project”, “propose” “will”, “will continue”, “will pursue” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our expected financial condition, results of operations, business, prospects, strategies, objectives, plans or goals are also forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements whether made by us or any third parties in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on our current plans, estimates, presumptions and expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement, including but not limited to, regulatory changes pertaining to the industry in which our Company has businesses and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political conditions, in India and globally, which have an impact on our business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes and changes in competition in our industry, incidence of natural calamities and/or acts of violence.

Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the following:

1. In the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we derived 82.26%, 82.43%, 79.44% and 81.43% of our revenue from operations, respectively, from our top 10 clients, which include all of our Hyperscaler clients and key Enterprise clients. The loss of such key clients may materially and adversely affect our business, future prospects, and financial performance;

2. We may not be able to retain and acquire new clients for our data centers. Any inability to retain and acquire clients may materially and adversely affect our business, future prospects and financial performance;

3. Reduction in power supply and unavailability of fuel may affect our data centers ;

4. Security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses and hacking activities may cause material adverse effects on our business, financial performance and results of operations and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation; and

5. Disruption to our data center infrastructure may cause us to lose clients and/or incur additional expenses.

Certain information in “Risk Factors”, “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 35, 157, 276 and 440, respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained from the 1Lattice and C&W Report. The 1Lattice and C&W Report is available on the website of our Company at www.sifyinfinitspaces.com/ipo.

For further discussion of factors that could cause the actual results to differ from the expectations, see “Risk Factors”, “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 35, 157, 276 and 440, respectively. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially differ from those that have been estimated and are not a guarantee of future performance.

Forward-looking statements reflect current views as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are not a guarantee of future performance. There can be no assurance to investors that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements and not to regard such statements to be a guarantee of our future performance.

These statements are based on our management’s belief and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based on are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. Neither our Company, any Selling Shareholder, our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management, the Syndicate nor any of their respective affiliates have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition.