<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>A discount of up to [●] % on the Offer Price (equivalent of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) may be offered to Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion. This Employee Discount, if any, will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs</td></tr><tr><td>Offer Proceeds</td><td>The proceeds of the Fresh Issue which shall be available to our Company and the proceeds of the Offer for Sale (net of their respective portion of Offer-related expenses and relevant taxes thereon) which shall be available to each of the Selling Shareholders in proportion to the respective portion of Offered Shares of each such Selling Shareholder. For further information about use of the Offer Proceeds, see "Objects of the Offer" beginning on page 108.</td></tr><tr><td>Offered Shares</td><td>Up to [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating to ₹12,000.00 million offered by the Selling Shareholders in the Offer for Sale.</td></tr><tr><td>Pre-IPO Placement</td><td>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider a further issue of specified securities, aggregating to ₹ 5,000.00 million, as may be permitted under applicable law, at its discretion, in one or more tranches, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus. ("Pre-IPO Placement") The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the RHP and Prospectus. Further, details of the Pre-IPO Placement, if any, shall be reported to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transactions, in accordance with Regulation 54 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Price Band</td><td>Price band of a minimum price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (i.e., the Floor Price) and the maximum price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (i.e., the Cap Price) including any revisions thereof.<br/>The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot for the Offer will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, and will be advertised, at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/ Offer Opening Date, all editions of [●], an English national daily newspaper, all editions of [●], a Hindi national daily newspaper and [●] edition of [●], a Tamil daily newspaper (Tamil being the regional language of Tamil Nadu, where our Registered and Corporate Office is located), each with wide circulation.</td></tr><tr><td>Pricing Date</td><td>The date on which our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs will finalise the Offer Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Prospectus</td><td>Prospectus to be filed with the RoC on or after the Pricing Date in accordance with Section 26 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Offer Price that is determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of the Offer and certain other information, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Offer Account</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account to be opened with the Public Offer Account Bank, under Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 to receive monies from the Escrow Account and ASBA Accounts maintained with the SCSBs on the Designated Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Offer Account Bank(s)</td><td>A bank which is a clearing member and which is registered with SEBI as a banker to an issue and with which the Public Offer Account for collection of Bid Amounts from Escrow Accounts and ASBA Accounts will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>QIB Portion</td><td>The portion of the Offer (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50% of the Offer consisting of [●] equity shares of face value of ₹10 each which shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs (including Anchor Investors in which allocation shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price or Anchor Investor Offer Price.</td></tr><tr><td>"Qualified Institutional Buyers" or "QIBs" or "QIB Bidders"</td><td>Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>"Red Herring Prospectus" or "RHP"</td><td>Red herring prospectus to be issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the Offer Price and the size of the Offer, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto. The Red Herring Prospectus will be filed with the RoC at least three Working Days before the Bid/Offer Opening Date and will become the Prospectus upon filing with the RoC on or after the Pricing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Account(s)</td><td>The 'no-lien' and 'non-interest bearing' account to be opened with the Refund Bank(s), from which refunds, if any, of the whole or part of the Bid Amount to the Bidders shall be made.</td></tr><tr><td>Refund Bank(s)</td><td>Banker(s) to the Offer and with whom the Refund Account will be opened, in this case being [●].</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Brokers</td><td>The stock brokers registered under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Stock Brokers) Regulations, 1992, as amended with the Stock Exchanges having nationwide terminals, other than the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members and eligible to procure Bids in terms of Circular No. CIR/ CFD/ 14/ 2012 dated October 4, 2012 issued by SEBI.</td></tr></tbody></table>