RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991 of the Government of India and FEMA. While the Industrial Policy, 1991 prescribes the limits and the conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be made. Foreign investment is permitted (except in the prohibited sectors) in Indian companies, either through the automatic route or the approval route, depending upon the sector in which foreign investment is sought to be made. The Government of India makes policy announcements on FDI through press notes and press releases. The regulatory framework, over a period of time, thus, consists of acts, regulations, press notes, press releases, and clarifications among other amendments. The DPIIT (formerly Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion) issued the Consolidated FDI Policy Circular dated October 15, 2020, with effect from October 15, 2020 (the “FDI Policy”), which consolidates and supersedes all previous press note, press releases and clarifications on FDI issued by the DPIIT that were in force and effect prior to October 15, 2020.

The FDI Policy will be valid until the DPIIT issues an updated circular. FDI in companies engaged in sectors/ activities which are not listed in the Consolidated FDI Policy is permitted up to 100% of the paid-up share capital of such company under the automatic route, subject to compliance with certain prescribed conditions. For further details, see “Key Regulations and Policies” beginning on page 308.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a non-resident does not require the prior approval of the RBI, provided that (i) the activities of the investee company are under the automatic route under the FDI Policy and transfer does not attract the provisions of the SEBI Takeover Regulations; (ii) the non-resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the FDI Policy; and (iii) the pricing is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the SEBI/ RBI.

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020 (“Press Note”), issued by the DPIIT, the FDI Policy and the FEMA (Non-debt Instruments) Rules has been amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such bank of fund in India. Further, in accordance with the amendment to the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 vide notification dated May 4, 2022 issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, a declaration shall be inserted in the share transfer form stipulating whether government approval shall be required to be obtained under Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares, as applicable. Each Bidder should seek independent legal advice about its ability to participate in the Offer. In the event such prior approval of the Government of India is required, and such approval has been obtained, the Bidder shall intimate our Company and the Registrar to the Offer in writing about such approval along with a copy thereof within the Offer Period.

As per the FEMA NDI Rules and FDI Policy read with Press Note, 100% foreign direct investment is permitted under the automatic route in our Company, however, investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India.

For details of the aggregate limit for investments by NRIs and FPIs in our Company, see “Offer Procedure – Bids by Eligible Non-resident Indians (“NRIs”)” and “Offer Procedure – Bids by Foreign Portfolio Investors (“FPIs”)” on pages 511 and 513.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in this Offer.

The Equity Shares offered in the Offer have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws in the United States and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are only being offered and sold (i) within the United States only to persons reasonably believed to be “qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as “U.S. QIBs”, for the avoidance of doubt, the term U.S. QIBs does not refer to a category of institutional investor defined under applicable Indian regulations and referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as “QIBs”) in private transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions as defined in and in compliance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those offers and sales occur.

The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any other jurisdiction outside India and may not be offered or sold, and Bids may not be made by persons in any such jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction.