Pursuant to the Patel Auto Scheme which was approved by the NCLT Order, the undertaking and entire business of Patel Auto was transferred and vested in our Company, on a going concern basis, and Patel Auto stood dissolved as on February 7, 2025 i.e. the effective date of the Scheme. The details of the transaction are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Details</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name of the transferor</td><td>Patel Auto</td></tr><tr><td>Name of the transferee</td><td>Sify Infinit Spaces Limited, our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Relationship of our Promoters or Directors with the transferor</td><td>Prior to the Patel Auto Scheme, Patel Auto was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sify Technologies Limited, which is the Promoter of our Company. Further, our Whole time Director, Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao, was also a Non-Executive Director on the board of directors of Patel Auto.</td></tr><tr><td>Summarized information about valuation</td><td>Based on the valuation report dated December 28, 2023 issued by 'T. Saraswathi, Company Secretary and Registered Valuer', and in consideration for such transfer and vesting, our Company issued to the shareholders of Patel Auto, 1,708,546 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of ₹10 each of our Company for every 100,000 fully paid up equity shares of face value of ₹10 held in Patel Auto. Consequently, the authorised share capital of our Company was combined with the authorised share capital of Patel Auto. Accordingly, the authorised share capital of our Company increased to ₹10,702,500,000 divided into 800,250,000 equity shares and 270,000,000 preference shares of face value of ₹10 each, respectively. The Patel Auto Scheme became operative from April 1, 2023.</td></tr><tr><td>Effective date of transaction</td><td>February 7, 2025</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Scheme of Amalgamation between Print House and our Company and their respective shareholders and creditors (“Print House Scheme”)

Our Company and Print House filed a joint petition before the National Company Law Tribunal, Division Bench - II at Chennai (“NCLT Chennai”) under sections 230 to 232, and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, seeking approval of the Print House Scheme which was sanctioned by NCLT Chennai through its order dated July 10, 2023 (“NCLT Order”). The Print House Scheme provided for the transfer and vesting of the entire business of Print House, as a going concern, into our Company. The rationale of the Print House Scheme was, *inter alia*, to (i) synergize operations and enhance ability to cater to large demands of data center customers for both Print House and our Company.

Pursuant to the Print House Scheme which was approved by the NCLT Order, the undertaking and entire business of Print House was transferred and vested in our Company, on a going concern basis, and Print House stood dissolved as on July 30, 2023 i.e. effective date of the Scheme. The details of the transaction are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Details</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name of the transferor</td><td>Print House</td></tr><tr><td>Name of the transferee</td><td>Sify Infinit Spaces Limited, our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Relationship of our Promoters or Directors with the transferor</td><td>Prior to the Print House Scheme, Print House was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sify Technologies Limited, which is the Promoter of our Company. Further, our Whole time Director, Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao, was also a Non-Executive Director on the board of directors of Print House.</td></tr><tr><td>Summarized information about valuation</td><td>Based on the valuation report dated May 31, 2022 issued by 'T. Saraswathi, Company Secretary and Registered Valuer', and in consideration for such transfer and vesting, our Company issued to the shareholders of Print House, (i) 859,762 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of ₹10 each of our Company for 10,000,000 fully paid up equity shares of face value of ₹10 held in Print House; and (ii) one redeemable preference share of face value of ₹10 each in our Company for every one 9% cumulative non-convertible redeemable preference share of face value of ₹10 each held in Print House. The Print House Scheme became operative from April 1, 2022.</td></tr><tr><td>Effective date of transaction</td><td>July 30, 2023</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Business Transfer Agreement dated January 28, 2021 executed between our Company and STL (the “STL BTA”)

Our Company and STL has entered into the BTA setting out the terms of transfer of STL’s data center business, as a going concern on a ‘slump exchange’ basis, for a total consideration of ₹ 5,000.00 million settled by way of issuance of 500,000,000 Equity Shares by our Company to STL. Pursuant to the BTA, our Company acquired specified business units, assets and liabilities, properties (including data centers), approvals and licenses, and intellectual property rights, with effect from February 1, 2021. The details of the transaction are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Details</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name of the transferor</td><td>Sify Technologies Limited, one of our Corporate Promoters.</td></tr><tr><td>Name of the transferee</td><td>Sify Infinit Spaces Limited, our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Relationship of our Promoters or Directors with the transferor</td><td>The transferor, Sify Technologies Limited, is our Holding Company and one of our Corporate Promoters. For details of relationship between Sify Technologies Limited</td></tr></tbody></table>