<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Underwriters</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The underwriting agreement to be entered into amongst our Company, the Selling Shareholders, and the Underwriters on or after the Pricing Date, but prior to filing of the Prospectus with the RoC.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI</td><td>Unified payments interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Bidders</td><td>Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Retail Individual Bidders Bidding in the Retail Portion; and (ii) Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to ₹0.50 million, Bidding in the Non-Institutional Portion, and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.<br>Pursuant to SEBI ICDR Master Circular, all individual investors applying in public issues where the application amount is up to ₹0.50 million shall use UPI Mechanism and shall provide their UPI ID in the bid-cum-application form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity).</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 (to the extent such circular is not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular, as applicable to RTA), SEBI RTA Master Circular (to the extent it pertains to UPI), SEBI ICDR Master Circular along with circular issued by the NSE having reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022, and the circular issued by BSE having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022, and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on the UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the UPI Bidders by way of a notification on the UPI linked mobile application as disclosed by SCSBs on the website of SEBI and by way of an SMS on directing the UPI Bidders to such UPI linked mobile application) to the UPI Bidders initiated by the Sponsor Banks to authorise blocking of funds on the UPI application equivalent to Bid Amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mechanism</td><td>The bidding mechanism that may be used by an UPI Bidders in accordance with the UPI Circulars to make an ASBA Bid in the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter</td><td>A company or person, as the case may be, categorised as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI and as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Day</td><td>All days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. In respect of announcement of Price Band and Bid/Offer Period, Working Day shall mean all days, excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and public holidays, on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. In respect of the time period between the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, Working Day shall mean all trading days of the Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holidays in India, as per circulars issued by SEBI.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Technical, Industry and Business-Related Terms or Abbreviations

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>AAEC</td><td>Appreciable adverse effect on competition</td></tr><tr><td>AAI</td><td>Airport Authority of India</td></tr><tr><td>AI</td><td>Artificial intelligence</td></tr><tr><td>Airoli Data Center</td><td>Our data center located in Airoli, Mumbai</td></tr><tr><td>APAC</td><td>Asia-Pacific</td></tr><tr><td>ASM</td><td>Additional surveillance measures</td></tr><tr><td>Bengaluru Data Center</td><td>Our data center located in Bengaluru</td></tr><tr><td>BFSI</td><td>Banking, financial services and insurance</td></tr><tr><td>BMS</td><td>Building management system</td></tr><tr><td>CAPEX</td><td>Capital expenditure</td></tr><tr><td>CCOE</td><td>Chief Controller of Explosives Department</td></tr><tr><td>CCTV</td><td>Closed-circuit television</td></tr><tr><td>CDN</td><td>Content delivery network</td></tr><tr><td>CEA</td><td>Central Electricity Authority</td></tr><tr><td>CEIG</td><td>Chief Electrical Inspector to the Government</td></tr><tr><td>CERT-In</td><td>Indian Computer Emergency Response Team</td></tr><tr><td>Civil Code</td><td>Code of Civil Procedure</td></tr><tr><td>Chennai 01 Data Center</td><td>Our data center located in TIDEL Park, Chennai</td></tr><tr><td>Chennai 02 Data Center</td><td>Our data center located in Siruseri, Chennai</td></tr></tbody></table>

11