53. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future. We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties.

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. These transactions include rent expenses, rental deposits, revenue transfer and interest on loans and debentures, among others. For a summary of our related party transactions in the three months ended June 30, 2025, and in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, see "Summary of Offer Document–Summary of related party transactions" on page 22. The following table shows our related-party transactions (post inter-company eliminations) as an aggregate absolute total and as a percentage of total for the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three-month<br>period ended<br>June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="3">(₹ in million, except percentages)</th></tr><tr><th></th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Aggregated absolute total of related party transactions (post inter-company eliminations)</td><td>724.99</td><td>7,757.67</td><td>3,379.97</td><td>2.528.80</td></tr><tr><td>Total income</td><td>4,055.42</td><td>14,542.75</td><td>11,417.10</td><td>10,390.70</td></tr><tr><td>Aggregated absolute total of related party transactions (post inter-company eliminations) as a percentage of total income</td><td>17.88%</td><td>53.34%</td><td>29.60%</td><td>24.34%</td></tr></tbody></table>

The transactions entered into with related parties, including our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel during the three months ended June 30, 2025, and during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, were undertaken by our Company in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and all other applicable laws. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm's length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties.

While we will conduct all related party transactions post listing of the Equity Shares subject to the Board's or Shareholders' approval, as applicable, and in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law, such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest.

We cannot assure you that such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such future transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Further, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. There can be no assurance that our Directors and executive officers will be able to address such conflicts of interests or others in the future. While all such related party transactions will be subject to the approval from our Board and Shareholders, as applicable, and comply with the standards prescribed by SEBI, we cannot assure you that our future related party transactions will not result in an adverse impact on our Company.

54. We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on your Equity Shares in the future.

The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, is recommended by our Board and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and other applicable law, including the Companies Act. Our Company has adopted a formal policy on dividend declaration pursuant to the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company dated September 25, 2025. Except as disclosed in the section, "Dividend Policy" on page 348, our Company has not declared and paid any dividend on the Equity Shares in the three fiscal years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the three months period ended June 30, 2025, and the period from June 30, 2025, until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Except for the dividends of ₹22.50 million paid by our Company in Fiscal 2025, we have not declared or paid any dividends in connection with our outstanding CCPS. For further details in relation to our dividend policy, see "Dividend Policy" on page 348.

There can be no assurance that we will pay any dividend in the future or that any dividend payout will be equal or comparable to any past dividend payout. The amount of future dividend payments by our Company, if any, will depend upon a number of factors, including but not limited to our current and future earnings, capital expenditure requirements, past performance, our Company's dividend history, resources required to fund acquisitions and/or new businesses, working capital requirements, cost of borrowing, our level of outstanding borrowings, return on capital invested and post dividend earnings per share, restrictive covenants under our existing contractual obligations, the state of the economy and statutory restrictions. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. For details, see "Dividend Policy" on page 348.