<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Our Company and Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider closing the Bid/ Offer Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Offer Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. In case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Offer Closing Date shall also be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges by issuing a public notice, and also by notifying on the websites of the BRLMs and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members and communicating to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Banks, which shall also be notified in an advertisement in the same newspapers in which the Bid/ Offer Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Offer Opening Date</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids, being [●], which shall be notified in all editions of [●], an English national daily newspaper, all editions of [●], a Hindi national daily newspaper and [●] editions of [●], a Tamil daily newspaper (Tamil being the regional language of Tamil Nadu, where our Registered and Corporate Office is located), each with wide circulation.<br/>In case of any revisions, the extended Bid/ Offer Closing Date will be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the websites of the Book Running Lead Managers and at the terminals of the other members of the Syndicate and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Banks, which shall also be notified in an advertisement in the same newspapers in which the Bid/ Offer Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Bid/ Offer Period</td><td>Except in relation to Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/ Offer Opening Date and the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. Provided however, that the Bidding shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor Investors.<br/>Our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers may consider closing the Bid/ Offer Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Offer Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.<br/>In case of force majeure, banking strike or similar unforeseen circumstances, the Bid/ Offer Period may, for reasons that will be recorded in writing, be extended for a minimum period of one working days, subject to the total Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding ten Working Days.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bidder" or "Applicant"</td><td>Any prospective investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied, which includes an ASBA Bidder and an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>Bidding Centres</td><td>Centres at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the Bid cum Application Forms, i.e., Designated Branches for SCSBs, Specified Locations for the Syndicate, Broker Centres for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>Book Building Process</td><td>Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the Offer is being made.</td></tr><tr><td>"Book Running Lead Managers" or "BRLMs"</td><td>Book running lead managers to the Offer, namely, JM Financial Limited, CLSA India Private Limited, J.P. Morgan India Private Limited, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited# and Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited<br/># KSSF and KDCF, who are proposing to participate in the Offer for Sale as Selling Shareholders, are managed by KAAML. KSSF, KDCF and KAAML are associates of Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited in terms of the SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations. Accordingly, in compliance with the proviso to Regulation 21A of the SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations and Regulation 23(3) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited will only be involved in the marketing of the Offer. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited has signed the due diligence certificate and has been disclosed as a BRLM for the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Broker Centres</td><td>Broker centres notified by the Stock Exchanges where ASBA Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms to a Registered Broker.<br/>The details of such Broker Centres, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>"CAN" or "Confirmation of Allocation Note"</td><td>Notice or intimation of allocation of the Equity Shares sent to Anchor Investors, who have been allocated the Equity Shares, on or after the Anchor Investor Bid/ Offer Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Cap Price</td><td>Higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above which the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price will not be finalised and above which no Bids will be accepted. The Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price.</td></tr><tr><td>"Cash Escrow and Sponsor Banks Agreement"</td><td>The cash escrow and sponsor banks agreement to be entered into amongst our Company, the Selling Shareholders, the BRLMs, the Bankers to the Offer, the Syndicate Member(s) and Registrar to the Offer for, inter alia, collection of the Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors, transfer of funds to the Public Offer Account and where applicable, refund of the amounts collected from the Anchor Investors, on the terms and conditions thereof, in accordance with the UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>CLSA</td><td>CLSA India Private Limited</td></tr></tbody></table>