decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer, or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(5) Subject to valid bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws. The Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed 5% of the post-Offer paid up Equity Share capital and the value of Allotment to any Eligible Employee shall not exceed ₹ 0.20 million (net of Employee Discount, if any). Provided that, in the event of under-subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion post the initial allotment, the unsubscribed portion will be available for allocation and Allotment, proportionately to all Eligible Employees who have Bid in excess of ₹ 0.20 million (net of Employee Discount, if any), subject to the maximum value of Allotment made to such Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹0.50 million (net of Employee Discount, if any). For further details, see “Offer Procedure” and “Offer Structure” beginning on pages beginning on pages 506 and 502.

The Offer and Net Offer shall constitute [●]%, and [●]%, respectively, of the post Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For further details, see “The Offer” and “Offer Structure” beginning on pages 79 and 502, respectively.

## Objects of the Offer

Our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds towards funding the following objects:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Amount (in ₹ million)<sup>(1)</sup></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Part funding of capital expenditure requirements towards completion of tower B of data center in Siruseri, Chennai</td><td>4,650.00</td></tr><tr><td>Part funding of capital expenditure requirements for setting up of towers 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center</td><td>8,600.00</td></tr><tr><td>Repayment/ prepayment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company</td><td>6,000.00</td></tr><tr><td>General corporate purposes<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>[●]<sup>(2)</sup></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total<sup>(3)</sup></strong></td><td><strong>[●]</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider an issue of specified securities aggregating up to ₹5,000.00 million, as may be permitted under applicable law, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer, or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(2) The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.

(3) To be finalised upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.

For further details, see “Objects of the Offer” beginning on page 108.

## Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, the Promoter Group, and Selling Shareholders

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding and percentage of the pre-Offer and post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of each of our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and the Selling Shareholders is set out below:

(Remainder of this page has intentionally been left blank)