# OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The accounting ratios required under Clause 11 of Part A of Schedule VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information are given below:

**Notes:**

The ratios have been computed as under:

(1) Basic and diluted earnings per share: Basic and diluted earnings per equity share are computed in accordance with Indian Accounting Standard 33 notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules of 2015 (as amended). Ratios for the three-months period ended June 30, 2025 have not been annualized. Basic and diluted earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the profit for the period attributable to the shareholders of our Company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period excluding the treasury share.

(2) Return on Net Worth (%) = Restated profit/(loss) for the year for the Fiscal divided by the average of Net Worth of the relevant Fiscal and previous Fiscal.

(3) Net Asset Value per Equity Share (in ₹) is computed as Net Worth at the end of the period/ year / weighted average number of equity shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis at the end of the period/ year.

(4) Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, or EBITDA, is a non-GAAP measure which represents profit/loss for the period/year, before tax expenses, finance costs and depreciation and amortisation expenses.

(5) Accounting ratios are derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the audited standalone financial statements of our Company for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 (collectively, the “Audited Financial Statements”), together with the annexures, schedules and notes thereto are available on our website at www.sifyinfinitspaces.com/ipo, in accordance with the applicable provisions in this regard under SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Our Company is providing a link to this website solely to comply with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Audited Financial Statements and the reports thereon do not constitute, (i) a part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus; or (ii) a prospectus, a statement in lieu of a prospectus, an offering circular, an offering memorandum, an advertisement, an offer or a solicitation of any offer or an offer document or recommendation or solicitation to purchase or sell any securities under the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, or any other applicable law in India or elsewhere. The Audited Financial Statements and the reports thereon should not be considered as part of information that any investor should consider subscribing for or purchase any securities of our Company and should not be relied upon or used as a basis for any investment decision.

None of our Company or any of its advisors, nor BRLMs or the Selling Shareholders, nor any of their respective employees, directors, affiliates, agents or representatives accept any liability whatsoever for any loss, direct or indirect, arising from reliance placed on any information presented or contained in the Audited Financial Statements, or the opinions expressed therein.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This section includes certain Non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance (together, “Non-GAAP Measures” and each a “Non-GAAP Measure”), as presented below. These Non-GAAP financial measures are not required by or presented in accordance with Ind AS.

Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures are not standardized terms, hence a direct comparison of these Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP Measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance.

## Reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures

Reconciliation for the following Non-GAAP financial measures included in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus are set out below: