## Risks related to the Equity Shares and the Offer

**76. Our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence and control over our Company after completion of the Offer.**

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold 88.45% of the legal and beneficial ownership of our issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital, on a fully diluted basis. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to control our Company and exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders' approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures through their shareholding after the Offer. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise, directly or indirectly, a significant influence over our business which could conflict with the interests of other shareholders.

Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in their capacity as our shareholders may conflict with your interests and the interests of our other shareholders.

**77. You may be restricted in your ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and may be adversely affected by future dilution of your ownership position.**

Under the Companies Act, 2013 a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced.

**78. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the price of our Equity Shares may be highly volatile, or an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop. The Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all.**

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Following the Offer, the Equity Shares are expected to trade on the Stock Exchanges. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that active trading in the Equity Shares will develop after the Offer or, if such trading develops, that it will continue. Investors might not be able to sell the Equity Shares rapidly at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares.

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. However, there has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. Furthermore, the Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section "Basis for Offer Price" on page 138. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. The price of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges may fluctuate after the Offer as a result of several factors, including: volatility in the Indian and global securities market; our operations and performance; performance of our competitors; adverse media reports about us or the data center industry generally; changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts; significant developments in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies; and significant developments in India's fiscal regulations.

Any perception by investors that such sales might occur could additionally affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment.