data centers that are not LEED certified.

Regulations around climate change force us to adopt actionable sustainability strategies into every operational facet from initial design through procurement, construction, and ongoing operations which increases the cost of building and operating a data center, and this may have an impact on our revenue.

**24. Clients who rely on us for the colocation of their servers could potentially sue us for damages if there are disruptions in our services, which could impact our financial condition.**

As our services are critical to many of our clients' business operations, any significant disruption to our services could result in damages to our clients. Although some of our client contracts contain provisions attempting to limit our liability for breach of the agreement, there can be no assurance that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our clients brings a lawsuit against us as the result of a service interruption that they may ascribe to us. While we have not been the subject of claims from our clients in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that we will not become the subject to such claims in the future. The outcome of any such lawsuit would depend on the specific facts of the case and any legal and policy considerations that we may not be able to mitigate. In such cases, we could be liable for damage awards. In addition, if we are involved in such suits or proceedings in the future, our reputation in the industry may be materially affected. Moreover, any adverse rulings in any such proceedings could prompt other clients to commence proceedings against us, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We have limited the extent of our liability in our client agreements, except for intentional breaches of intellectual property rights of third parties, breaches of confidentiality, grant of unauthorized access to systems and servers of our clients, wilful default or abandonment of services for reasons solely attributable to us. The successful assertion of a large claim against us in amounts greater than those covered by our insurance policies could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if claims against us are unsuccessful, we may incur substantial legal fees in defending ourselves and suffer reputational harm.

**25. Failures in network infrastructure or network connectivity at our data centers may have a material adverse impact on our operations.**

The successful operation of data centers requires access to, among other matters, appropriate network infrastructure and connectivity. Our data centers are carrier-neutral, which means that we offer our clients the ability to connect to the network providers of their choice. If the network infrastructure of third-party carriers fails, or network connectivity at our data centers is impacted by outages or other disruptions, we may be unable to provide our clients with a critical service that they require, and our business may be materially adversely affected. While we have not experienced network connectivity disruptions at our operations in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that we will not experience such disruptions in the future.

Moreover, while our Promoter, STL, provides network connectivity through a dense network, which includes seamless subsea connectivity to inland, a domestic multi-mesh network, availability of dark fiber and a large software-defined wide area network, there can be no assurance that such network connectivity would not experience disruption or other outages, which would impact our ability to offer our solutions to our clients. If our Promoter, STL, were to experience such disruptions to connectivity, our operations would be disrupted, which could in turn affect our financial condition.

**26. Our Company, some of our Directors and our Promoters are subjected to certain legal and other proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.**

In the ordinary course of business, our Company and some of our Directors and Promoters are subjected to certain legal proceedings, which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and statutory, regulatory and other judicial authorities in India, and, if determined adversely, could affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided favorably or that no further liability will arise from these claims in the future.

A summary of outstanding litigation involving our Company, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, members of Senior Management and Promoters ("Relevant Parties") (as applicable) are set forth below: