Investors can contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, the BRLMs or the Registrar to the Offer in case of any pre-Offer or post-Offer related problems such as non-receipt of letters of Allotment, non-credit of Allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund orders or non-receipt of funds by electronic mode, etc. Our Company has also appointed Sanjay Khare, as our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. For details, see "General Information – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer" on page 87.

Our Company has constituted a Stakeholders Relationship Committee comprising Padmaja Chunduru, Vegesna Bala Saraswathi, Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao and Mark Evan Adams. For details, see "Our Management – Committees of our Board- Stakeholders Relationship Committee" on page 334.

### Exemption from complying with any provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations

Pursuant to Regulation 2(1)(pp)(ii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an 'immediate relative' of a promoter (i.e., any spouse of that person, or any parent, brother, sister or child of the person or the spouse) is required to form part of the 'promoter group'. Accordingly, Ramakrishnama Raju Uddaraju, Krishna Prasad Uddaraju, Kasi Viswanadha Raju Uddaraju, Rama Lakshmi Pathi Bhogaraju Uddaraju (brothers of Vegesna Bala Saraswathi and brothers-in-law of Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju), Kalidindi Vijaya Lakshmi (sister of Vegesna Bala Saraswathi and sister-in-law of Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju), and Vegesna Venkata Subba Yesudata Raju (father of Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju and father-in-law of Vegesna Bala Saraswathi) ("Disassociated PG Individuals") and Ananda Enterprises (India) Private Limited, Ananda Aqua Exports Private Limited, Ananda Bhagavati Foods Private Limited, Indus Mega Food Park Private Limited and any other entities/body corporates/firms/HUFs in which the Disassociated PG Individuals may have interest (individually or collectively) qualify as members of our promoter group in accordance with Regulation 2(1)(pp)(iv) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations ("Disassociated PG Entities", together with the Disassociated PG Individuals, the "Disassociated Group"). In the absence of any information and confirmations required from the Disassociated PG Individuals, we are unable to ascertain a comprehensive and exhaustive list of the Disassociated PG Entities.

Pursuant to letters addressed to our Company, the Disassociated PG Individuals have expressed their intent to disassociate from the Company and its Promoters, and do not wish to be considered part of the Promoter Group. Consequently, they have not agreed to provide the requisite confirmations and undertakings for themselves and their Disassociated PG Entities in their capacity as promoter group of our Company.

Since we have not received nor is in a position to obtain the necessary information, to comply with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the disclosures in relation to the Disassociated Group in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been included to the extent the information was available and accessible in the public domain published on the websites of Watchout Investors, CIBIL, BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Limited, and Ministry of Corporate Affairs. Our Company had filed an application dated September 29, 2025 with SEBI for seeking exemption under Regulation 300(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, from disclosing and providing relevant confirmations from the Disassociated Group in the DRHP. For details, please see "Risk Factors – 19. Certain immediate relatives of our Promoters, who are deemed to be a part of our Promoter Group under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, have not provided their consent to be identified as members of our Promoter Group and have not provided information in respect of themselves and their relevant entities as Promoter Group. Consequently, we cannot assure you that the disclosures relating to such members of our Promoter Group are complete or up-to-date." on page 47.

### Other confirmations

No person connected with the Offer shall offer any incentive, whether direct or indirect, in any manner, whether in cash or kind or services or otherwise to any Bidder for making a Bid, except for fees or commission for services rendered in relation to the Offer.