<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Client ID</td><td>Client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to dematerialised account.</td></tr><tr><td>"Collecting Depository Participant" or "CDP"</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996 registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids from relevant Bidders at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI as per the list available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges, as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Cut-off Price</td><td>Offer Price, finalised by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, which shall be any price within the Price Band.<br/>Only RIBs Bidding in the Retail Portion are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs (including Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.</td></tr><tr><td>Demographic Details</td><td>The demographic details of the Bidders including the Bidders' address, name of the Bidders' father/husband, investor status, occupation, bank account details, PAN and UPI ID, wherever applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms from relevant Bidders, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated CDP Locations</td><td>Such locations of the CDPs where relevant ASBA Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms.<br/>The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the CDPs eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com), as updated from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Date</td><td>The date on which the Escrow Collection Bank(s) transfer funds from the Escrow Account to the Public Offer Account or the Refund Account, as the case may be, and/or the instructions are issued to the SCSBs (in case of UPI Bidders, instruction issued through the Sponsor Banks) for the transfer of amounts blocked by the SCSBs in the ASBA Accounts to the Public Offer Account or the Refund Account, as the case may be, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus after finalization of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, following which Equity Shares will be Allotted in the Offer.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Intermediary(ies)</td><td>Collectively, the members of the Syndicate, sub-syndicate or agents, SCSBs (other than in relation to RIBs using the UPI Mechanism), Registered Brokers, CDPs and RTAs, who are authorised to collect Bid cum Application Forms from the relevant Bidders, in relation to the Offer.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by RIBs Bidding in the Retail Portion by authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account and HNIs bidding with an application size of up to ₹ 0.50 million (not using the UPI Mechanism) by authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account, Designated Intermediaries shall mean SCSBs.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by UPI Bidders where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI Bidders, Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/agents, Registered Brokers, CDPs, SCSBs and RTAs.<br/>In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by QIBs (excluding Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders (not using the UPI mechanism), Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-Syndicate/ agents, SCSBs, Registered Brokers, the CDPs and RTAs.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated RTA Locations</td><td>Such locations of the RTAs where Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms to RTAs.<br/>The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>Designated SCSB Branches</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Designated Stock Exchange</td><td>[●]<br/>This draft red herring prospectus dated October 16, 2025 issued in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which does not contain complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted and the size of the Offer, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>"Draft Red Herring Prospectus" or "DRHP"</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Eligible Employees</td><td>Permanent employees of our Company or our Corporate Promoters working in India or outside India (excluding such employees not eligible to invest in the Offer under applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines), as on the date of filing the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC and who continue to be a permanent employee of our Company or our Corporate Promoters until the submission of the ASBA Form and is based, working and present in India or abroad as on the date of submission of the ASBA Form; and a Director of our Company, whether whole time or not, who is eligible to apply under the Employee Reservation Portion under applicable law as on the date of filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC and who continues to be a Director of our Company, until the submission of the Bid cum Application Form, but not including Directors who either themselves or through their relatives or through any body corporate, directly or indirectly, hold more than 10% of the outstanding Equity Shares of our Company.</td></tr></tbody></table>

6