time to time. The Consolidated FDI Policy consolidates all the press notes, press releases, and clarifications on FDI issued by DIPP. Further, the RBI has enacted the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 ("**FEMA Rules**") and the Foreign Exchange Management (Mode of Payment and Reporting of Non-Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019 which regulate the mode of payment and reporting requirements for investments in India by a person resident outside India. Requirements under these laws currently include restrictions on pricing, issue transfer, valuation of shares and sources of funding for such investments, and may, in certain cases, require prior notice for approval of the Government of India. Foreign investment is permitted (except in the prohibited sectors) in Indian companies either through the automatic route or the approval route. Under the Consolidated FDI Policy, foreign direct investment is permitted up to 100% on the automatic route, in sectors which are not specifically listed or prohibited in the Policy (including the information technology sector), subject to applicable laws or regulations, security and other conditionalities. Accordingly, the Consolidated FDI Policy permits our Company 100% FDI under the automatic route. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, all investments by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy.

**Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Rules, 2022 ("ODI Rules")**

The RBI, with an aim to operationalise a new overseas investment regime, has introduced the ODI Rules and the Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Regulations, 2022 ("**ODI Regulations**"), vide Notification No. G.S.R. 646(E) and Notification No. FEMA 400/2022-RB dated August 22, 2022 respectively. Further, the Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Directions, 2022 ("**ODI Directions**") were introduced to be read with the ODI Rules and the ODI Regulations. The new regime simplifies the framework to cover wider economic activity and thereby, significantly reducing the need for specific approvals. Investment may be made by an Indian entity only in a foreign entity engaged in activities permissible under the law in force in India and the host jurisdiction. Any manner of Overseas Direct Investment ("**ODI**") by an Indian entity shall be made as prescribed in the ODI Rules, namely: (i) subscription as part of MoA or purchase of equity capital, (ii) acquisition through bidding or tender procedure, (iii) acquisition of equity capital by way of rights issue or allotment of bonus shares, (iv) capitalisation of any amount due from the foreign entity subject to applicable conditions, (v) swap of securities, and (vi) merger, demerger, amalgamation or any scheme of arrangement.

**Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 ("FTA") and the rules framed thereunder**

The FTA read along with the Foreign Trade (Regulation) Rules, 1993, seeks to provide for the development and regulation of foreign trade by facilitating imports into, and augmenting exports from, India. The FTA provides that no person shall make any import or export except under an importer-exporter code number ("**IEC**") granted by the Director General of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce ("**DGFT**"). Every Indian entity engaged in any activity involving import or export is required to obtain an IEC unless specifically exempted from doing so. The IEC granted to any person may be suspended or cancelled inter alia in case the person contravenes any of the provisions of FTA or any rules or orders made thereunder or the DGFT or any other officer authorized by him has reason to believe that any person has made an export or import in a manner prejudicial to the trade relations of India. Any person who makes any export or import in contravention of any provision of this Act or any rules or orders made thereunder, or the foreign trade policy would become liable to a penalty under the FTA. Failure to mention the IEC number attracts a penalty of not less than ₹ 10,000 and not more than five times the value of the goods or services or technology in respect of which any contravention is made or is attempted to be made.

**Other Applicable Laws**

In addition to the above, our Company is required to comply with the provisions of the Indian Contract Act, 1872, Companies Act, Transfer of Property Act, 1882, The Competition Act, 2002, Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, SEBI Listing Regulations, RBI guidelines, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 ("**IBC**"), Consumer Protection Act, 2019, employment laws and other applicable laws and regulations imposed by the central and state governments and other authorities for its day-to-day operations.