been discontinued and replaced by the UPI Mechanism. However, the time duration from public issue closure to listing continues to be six Working Days during this phase.

**Phase III:** This phase has become applicable on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 1, 2023, vide SEBI circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 ("T+3 Notification"). In this phase, the time duration from public issue closure to listing is proposed to be reduced to three Working Days. Accordingly, upon commencement of Phase III, the reduced time duration shall be applicable for the Offer. The Offer shall be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures as notified in the T+3 Notification as applicable, subject to any circular, clarification or notification issued by SEBI from time to time, including any circular, clarification or notification which may be issued by SEBI.

The Offer will be made under UPI Phase III of the UPI Circular (on mandatory basis). The Offer will be advertised in all editions of [●], a widely circulated English national daily newspaper and in all editions of [●], a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper and in [●] editions of [●], a Tamil daily newspaper (Tamil being the regional language of Tamil Nadu, where our Registered and Corporate Office is located) each with wide circulation on or prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date and such advertisement shall also be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their websites.

All SCSBs offering facility of making application in public issues shall also provide facility to make application using UPI. Our Company will be required to appoint SCSBs as the Sponsor Bank(s) to act as conduits between the Stock Exchanges and NPCI in order to facilitate collection of requests and / or payment instructions of the UPI Bidders.

Individual investors bidding under the Non-Institutional Portion bidding for more than ₹ 0.20 million and up to ₹ 0.50 million, using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid-cum-Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

Pursuant to the UPI Circulars, SEBI has set out specific requirements for redressal of investor grievances for applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the UPI Circulars include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI, the requirement for SCSBs to send SMS alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than one day from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law.

The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the SCSBs only after such banks provide a written confirmation, in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, in compliance with circulars prescribed by SEBI and applicable law.

Pursuant to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 ("UPI Streamlining Circular"), SEBI has set out specific requirements for redressal of investor grievances for applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the UPI Streamlining Circular include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI, the requirement for SCSBs to send SMS alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than one Working Day from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law. Further, in terms of the UPI Circulars, the payment of processing fees to the SCSBs shall be undertaken pursuant to an application made by the SCSBs to the BRLMs, and such application shall be made only after (i) unblocking of application amounts for each application received by the SCSB has been fully completed, and (ii) applicable compensation relating to investor complaints has been paid by the SCSB.

For further details, refer to the General Information Document available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLMs.

## Bid cum Application Form

Copies of the Bid cum Application Form (other than for Anchor Investors) and the Abridged Prospectus will be available with the Designated Intermediaries at the Bidding Centres, and our Registered and Corporate Office. An electronic copy of the Bid cum Application Form will also be available for download on the websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.nseindia.com and www.bseindia.com) at least one day prior to the Bid/ Offer Opening Date.

Copies of the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the offices of the BRLMs.