<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Name of acquirer/ Shareholder</th><th>Nature of transaction</th><th>Nature of consideration</th><th>Nature of specified securities</th><th>Face value (in ₹)</th><th>Date of acquisition of the specified securities</th><th>Number of the specified securities acquired</th><th>Acquisition price per specified security* (in ₹)</th><th>Percentage of pre-Offer share capital on a fully diluted basis (in %)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="10"><strong>Promoters</strong></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>and creditors, sanctioned by the National Company Law Tribunal, Division Bench - II at Chennai through its order dated July 10, 2023</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### CCDs

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Name of acquirer/ Shareholder</th><th>Nature of transaction</th><th>Nature of consideration</th><th>Nature of specified securities</th><th>Face value (in ₹)</th><th>Date of acquisition of the specified securities</th><th>Number of the specified securities acquired</th><th>Acquisition price per specified security* (in ₹)</th><th>Percentage of pre-Offer share capital on a fully diluted basis (in %)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="10"><strong>Promoters</strong></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">1.</td><td rowspan="3">STL</td><td>Preferential allotment</td><td>Cash</td><td>STL CCDs</td><td>100.00</td><td>August 12, 2025</td><td>2,500,000</td><td>100.00</td><td>0.33</td></tr><tr><td>Preferential allotment</td><td>Cash</td><td>STL CCDs</td><td>100.00</td><td>April 24, 2023</td><td>10,000,000</td><td>100.00</td><td>1.34</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment pursuant to transfer of STL's investment in Tasoula Energy Private Limited to our Company</td><td>Other than cash</td><td>STL CCDs</td><td>100.00</td><td>October 27, 2022</td><td>2,250,000</td><td>Not applicable</td><td>0.30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="10"><strong>Selling Shareholders</strong></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">1.</td><td rowspan="2">KDCF</td><td>Private placement</td><td>Cash</td><td>Series 4 CCDs</td><td>100.00</td><td>August 30, 2023</td><td>48,000,000</td><td>100.00</td><td>4.32</td></tr><tr><td>Private placement</td><td>Cash</td><td>Series 5 CCDs</td><td>100.00</td><td>August 30, 2023</td><td>12,000,000</td><td>100.00</td><td>1.87</td></tr></tbody></table>

*As certified by Manohar Chowdhry & Associates, Statutory Auditor, by way of their certificate dated October 16, 2025.

## Details of pre-IPO placement

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider an issue of specified securities aggregating up to ₹5,000.00 million, as may be permitted under applicable law, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC ("Pre-IPO Placement"). The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the RHP and Prospectus. Further, details of the Pre-IPO Placement, if any, shall be reported to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transactions, in accordance with Regulation 54 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

## Split or Consolidation of Equity Shares in the last one year

Our Company has not undertaken a split or consolidation of the Equity Shares in the last one year preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

28