## Long-term and sticky relationships with a distinguished client base

We have a diversified client base of over 500 clients, as of June 30, 2025. This comprises a balanced mix of Hyperscaler clients and Enterprise clients.

Hyperscaler clients are key contributors to demand across our data centers, contributing 67.81% and 69.32% to our revenues in the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscal 2025, respectively. As of June 30, 2025, our client base included 3 of the top 4 global Hyperscaler companies, based on cloud services revenue in the second quarter of calendar year 2024, operating in India, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. According to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, our long-term collaborations with, and repeat mandates from, our Hyperscaler clients are a testament to the trust our Company commands in the industry.

In addition, we also cater to prominent Enterprise clients, across sectors, such as financial services institutions, fintech companies and social media companies, for whom digital infrastructure is mission-critical to business operations. As of June 30, 2025, our operations served 7 of the top 10 Indian banks (based on Fiscal 2024 revenues), top 4 of the top 10 Indian insurance companies (based on Fiscal 2024 revenues), a leading European payments company, as well as 2 of the top 5 social media companies globally (based on the number of smartphone handsets containing these applications as of the end of Fiscal 2025), according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report.

The following table shows the revenue split for our Hyperscaler clients and Enterprise clients and a breakdown of the revenue split for our top 3, 5 and 10 Enterprise clients for the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Three months ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Hyperscaler clients</td><td>67.81%</td><td>69.32%</td><td>65.29%</td><td>68.54%</td></tr><tr><td>Enterprise clients</td><td>32.19%</td><td>30.68%</td><td>34.71%</td><td>31.46%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 3 Enterprise clients</td><td>9.12%</td><td>9.47%</td><td>10.54%</td><td>8.76%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 5 Enterprise clients</td><td>12.18%</td><td>11.61%</td><td>12.89%</td><td>11.59%</td></tr><tr><td>Top 10 Enterprise clients</td><td>16.79%</td><td>15.05%</td><td>17.42%</td><td>15.78%</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Note: The names of the clients have not been disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus due to confidentiality reasons and non-receipt of consent from these clients. The clients shown are the top clients in terms of revenue from operations for each of the respective years/ periods and may not necessarily be the same customers.*

We offer our clients service-level agreements that meet global standards and market expectations. This offering is key to attracting and retaining Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients.

Through our hyperconnected ecosystem, and our comprehensive suite of offerings across colocation, build-to-suit, interconnectivity and applications, we are able to create a self-reinforcing cycle of demand between our Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients. The ecosystem has created an environment in which Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients mutually benefit from colocating in our data centers: Enterprise clients have the opportunity to interconnect with our Hyperscaler clients, ensuring ultra-low latency for mission-critical applications; and equivalently, Hyperscaler clients can augment their offerings to their Enterprise clients through low-latency colocation.

Any colocated client can interconnect with any of our Hyperscaler clients in our data centers for low latency cloud computing. In turn, Hyperscaler clients in our facility can, through our interconnection services, offer faster services to existing Enterprise clients in our data centers, as well as to other Enterprise clients who may choose to collocate in our data centers to be in physical proximity to these Hyperscaler clients. This network effect enhances the demand for colocation, interconnection as well as value-added services in our data centers.

We have been able to expand our client base and build long-term relationships with our clients over many years due to our client-centric approach and strong value proposition. As of June 30, 2025, the average length of relationship with our top 5 clients was 7 years. Additionally, during the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscal 2025, 67.04% and 68.34% of our total revenue, respectively, was associated with contract terms of at least 7 years, and on average with 5 years of average contract life remaining. The “sticky” nature of our client base also enables us to achieve predictable annuity revenue and complementary future years’ revenue. Since Fiscal 2023, all our clients have renewed their contracts with us or expanded the services they procured from us. The Company’s recurring revenue from the top 5 clients, has increased from 74.12% in Fiscal 2023 to 76.89% in Fiscal 2025. This provides assurance of stable cash flows and enables high revenue visibility for our Company.

## Strategic and competitive advantage complemented by a converged offering across the Sify Group

Sify Group has established itself as a pioneer in the information and communications technology (“ICT”) industry, known for its innovation and leadership, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. We, together with our Promoter, STL, and one of our group companies, SDSL, offer a comprehensive suite of solutions, and position ourselves as a converged platform for clients’ diverse ICT needs. Our strategy allows for effective cross-selling of services among us and STL and SDSL, and our clients benefit from the availability of an integrated services offering when they colocate with us.