consolidate and amend the laws relating to income-tax, via the Income-tax Bill, 2025. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. Further, any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims.

74. **We may be adversely affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business.**

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “Competition Act”), regulates agreements having or likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition (“AAEC”) in the relevant market in India.

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. Given that we pursue strategic acquisitions, we may from time to time be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI, or any prohibition or substantial penalties levied under the Competition Act, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

While the GoI has implemented the Competition (Amendment) Act (the “Competition Amendment Act”), 2023 only certain amendments have been enforced. The Competition Amendment Act amends the Competition Act and provides certain additional powers of the CCI to prevent practices that have or are likely to have an AAEC. Per the Competition Amendment Act, the scope of certain factors used to determine AAEC was modified, the timeline for assessment of combinations by the CCI was reduced, and the CCI was empowered to impose penalties based on the global turnover of entities for anti-competitive agreements and abuse of dominant position. While partially enforced, we cannot ascertain at this stage as to whether the proposed amendments will come into force in the form suggested or at all, their applicability in respect of our operations, partially or at all once they come into force, or the extent to which the amendments, if and when they come into force, will result in additional costs for compliance, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

75. **Foreign Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management.**

Our Company is a limited liability public company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel named in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are residents of India. Further, most of our assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or to enforce judgments obtained against us. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in India is governed by Sections 13 and 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure (“Civil Code”). India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgements in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, including, but not limited to, Singapore, Hong Kong, and the United Kingdom. However, the Civil Code only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amount payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties.

In relation to jurisdictions with whom India does not reciprocity recognition, the party in whose favor a final foreign judgement is rendered must bring a fresh suit in India based on the final foreign judgement within three years of the date of the said judgment. Historically, there have been delays in the disposal of suits in certain commercial proceedings by Indian courts. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were to be brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the number of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI under the FEMA to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approvals would be acceptable.