on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. However, the term “expert” shall not be construed to mean an “expert” as defined under the U.S. Securities Act.

Our Company has received written consent dated October 16, 2025, from Vignesh Madhavan, independent chartered engineer, to include his name in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as an “expert” as defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent and in his capacity as a chartered engineer (i) to the extent of information from the Project Reports included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and (ii) in relation to his certificate dated October 16, 2025 certifying the details of certain operational and capacity utilization data pertaining to our Company, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. However, the term “expert” shall not be construed to mean an “expert” as defined under the U.S. Securities Act.

## Inter-se allocation of responsibilities among the Book Running Lead Managers to the Offer

The following table sets forth the inter-se allocation of responsibilities for various activities in relation to the Offer among the Book Running Lead Managers:

<table><thead><tr><td>S. No.</td><td>Activity</td><td>Responsibility</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Capital structuring with the relative components and formalities such as type of instruments, size of issue, etc. Due diligence of the Company including its operations/management/business plans/legal etc. Drafting and design of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Red Herring Prospectus, Prospectus, abridged prospectus and application form. The BRLMs shall ensure compliance with stipulated requirements and completion of prescribed formalities with the Stock Exchanges, RoC and SEBI including finalisation of Prospectus and RoC filing</td><td>JM Financial</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Positioning strategy, drafting of business section of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus</td><td>JPM</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Drafting and approval of all statutory advertisements</td><td>JM Financial</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Drafting and approval of all publicity material other than statutory advertisement as mentioned above including audio & visual presentation. corporate advertising, brochure, etc. and filing of media compliance report</td><td>Morgan Stanley</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Appointment of intermediaries - Registrar to the Offer, advertising agency, Banker(s) to the Offer, Sponsor Bank, printer and other intermediaries, including coordination of all agreements to be entered into with such Intermediaries</td><td>CLSA</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Preparation of road show presentation</td><td>JPM</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Preparation of frequently asked questions</td><td>CLSA</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>International institutional marketing (Asia) of the Offer which will cover, inter alia:<ul><li>Institutional marketing strategy;</li><li>Finalizing the list and division of investors for one-to-one meetings; and</li><li>Finalizing road show and investor meeting schedule</li></ul></td><td>JPM</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>International institutional marketing (Europe) of the Offer which will cover, inter alia:<ul><li>Institutional marketing strategy;</li><li>Finalizing the list and division of investors for one-to-one meetings; and</li><li>Finalizing road show and investor meeting schedule</li></ul></td><td>CLSA</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>International institutional marketing (United States and rest of world excluding Europe and Asia) of the Offer which will cover, inter alia:<ul><li>Institutional marketing strategy;</li><li>Finalizing the list and division of investors for one-to-one meetings; and</li><li>Finalizing road show and investor meeting schedule</li></ul></td><td>Morgan Stanley</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Domestic institutional marketing of the Offer, which will cover, inter alia:<ul><li>Institutional marketing strategy;</li><li>Finalizing the list and division of investors for one-to-one meetings; and</li><li>Finalizing road show and investor meeting schedule</li></ul></td><td>JM Financial</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>Retail and Non-Institutional marketing of the Offer, which will cover, inter alia,<ul><li>Finalising media, marketing and public relations strategy including list of frequently asked questions at road shows;</li><li>Finalising centres for holding conferences for brokers, etc.;</li><li>Follow-up on distribution of publicity and Offer material including application form, the Prospectus and deciding on the quantum of the Offer material; and</li><li>Finalising collection centres</li></ul></td><td>Kotak*</td></tr><tr><td>13.</td><td>Coordination with Stock Exchanges for book building software, bidding terminals, mock trading, anchor coordination, anchor CAN and intimation of anchor allocation</td><td>Morgan Stanley</td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>Managing the book and finalization of pricing in consultation with the Company</td><td>JPM</td></tr><tr><td>15.</td><td>Post bidding activities including management of escrow accounts, coordinate non-institutional allocation, coordination with Registrar, SCSBs, Sponsor Banks and other Bankers to the Offer, intimation of allocation and dispatch of refund to Bidders, etc. Other post-Offer activities, which shall involve essential follow-up with Bankers to the Offer and SCSBs to get quick estimates of</td><td>JM Financial</td></tr></tbody></table>