## Summary table of Outstanding Litigation

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, Directors, KMPs, SMPs, and Promoters, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy is provided below:

<table><thead><tr><th>Name of entity</th><th>Criminal proceeding</th><th>Tax proceeding</th><th>Statutory or regulatory proceeding</th><th>Disciplinary action by SEBI or Stock Exchanges</th><th>Material civil litigation</th><th>Aggregate amount involved* (in ₹ million)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="7"><strong>Company</strong></td></tr><tr><td>By our Company</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against our Company</td><td>2</td><td>2</td><td>2</td><td>NA</td><td>1</td><td>116.65</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"><strong>Directors&</strong></td></tr><tr><td>By the Directors</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against the directors</td><td>1</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>1</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"><strong>Promoters&</strong></td></tr><tr><td>By the Promoters</td><td>1</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>2</td><td>4,534.12</td></tr><tr><td>Against the Promoters</td><td>2</td><td>73<sup># Ω</sup></td><td>5<sup>@</sup></td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td><td>3,168.36<sup># Ω</sup></td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"><strong>Key Managerial Personnel</strong></td></tr><tr><td>By our Key Managerial Personnel</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against our Key Managerial Personnel</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"><strong>Senior Management</strong></td></tr><tr><td>By members of our Senior Management</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Against members of our Senior Management</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

* To the extent quantifiable.

& Other than matters involving our Promoters.

^ In relation to certain tax proceedings the amount has been derived after adjusting for payments amounting to ₹158.77 million towards direct taxes and ₹105.48 million towards indirect taxes, made under protest.

# The Income Tax Department has filed 20 appeals in the Madras High Court against STL's favourable order from the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal. No notice has been served on STL and no details of the grounds or quantum are available, accordingly, the amounts cannot be quantified. These cases were identified via independent third-party checks by the Company.

@ Other than tax proceedings against our Promoters.

β Excluding proceedings involving the Company to which the Promoters, who are also Directors of the Company, are parties

Ω Includes one show cause notice received by STL from the Joint Commissioner, GST for an amount of ₹1,175.83 million.

As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, (i) there are no outstanding litigations involving the Group Companies, which may have a material impact on our Company; and (ii) our Company does not have any subsidiary. For further details, see "Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments" beginning on page 463.

## Risk Factors

Specific attention of the Bidders is invited to "Risk Factors" beginning on page 35. Bidders are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Offer. Set forth below are the top 10 risk factors applicable to our Company, in their order of materiality that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations:

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Description of risk</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>In the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we derived 82.26%, 82.43%, 79.44% and 81.43% of our revenue from operations, respectively, from our top 10 clients, which include all of our Hyperscaler clients and key Enterprise clients. The loss of such key clients may materially and adversely affect our business, future prospects, and financial performance.</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>We may not be able to retain and acquire new clients for our data centers. Any inability to retain and acquire clients may materially and adversely affect our business, future prospects and financial performance.</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Reduction in power supply, rising power expenses and unavailability of fuel may disrupt our data center operations and our profitability could decline.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses and hacking activities may cause material adverse effects on our business, financial performance and results of operations and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Disruption to our data center infrastructure may cause us to lose clients and/or incur additional expenses, thereby adversely affecting our business, revenues and cash flow.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Technological changes, evolving client requirements and emerging industry trends may affect our business, may render our current technologies obsolete and may require us to make substantial capital investments. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, evolving client requirements or technological changes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.</td></tr></tbody></table>

21