concerned and matters connected therewith or incidental thereof shall lie governed by the provisions of the Depositories Act, 1996 as amended from time to time or any statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment thereof, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 and other applicable laws.

116. The Company shall cause to be kept a register and index of Members with details of securities held in materialised and dematerialised forms in any media as may be permitted by law including any form of electronic media. The register and index of beneficial owners maintained by a Depository under the Depositories Act, shall be deemed to be a register and index of Members for the purposes of this Act. The Company shall have the power to keep in any state or country outside India, a Register of Members, resident in that state or country.

117. At any point of time from the date of adoption of these Articles, if the Articles are or become contrary to the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the "Listing Regulations") or of the Act or of the secretarial standard issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("Secretarial Standards"), the provisions of the Listing Regulations or the Act or the Secretarial Standards shall prevail over the Articles to such extent and the Company shall discharge all of its obligations as prescribed under the Listing Regulations or the Act or the Secretarial Standards, from time to time.

## GENERAL POWER

118. Wherever in the Act, it has been provided that the Company shall have any right, privilege or authority or that the Company could carry out any transaction only if the Company is so authorized by its Articles, then and in that case this Article authorizes and empowers the Company to have such rights, privileges or authorities and to carry such transactions as have been permitted by the Act, without there being any specific Article in that behalf herein provided. At any point of time from the date of adoption of these Articles, if the Articles are or become contrary to the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the "Listing Regulations") or of the Act or of the Secretarial Standard issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("Secretarial Standards"), the provisions of the Listing Regulations or the Act or the Secretarial Standards shall prevail over the Articles to such extent and the Company shall discharge all of its obligations as prescribed under the Listing Regulations or the Act or the Secretarial Standards, from time to time.

# CHAPTER II

Chapter II of the Articles of Association provides for, among other things, the rights of certain Shareholders/CCD Holders vis-à-vis our Company. For more details in relation to the Debenture Subscription Agreements, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters – Shareholders' agreements and other agreements" on page 322.

# CHAPTER III

1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein these Articles, so long as any monies remain owing by the Company to any lender, bank, financial institution, debenture trustee(s) (acting for the benefit of the debenture holders holding debentures/bonds issued by the Company) or other body corporate from which the Company has borrowed funds, then till the time such monies remain due by the Company, such lender, bank, financial institution, debenture trustee or other body corporate, shall have a right to appoint from time to time, in accordance with the terms of their respective financing documents or on occurrence of any event specified under the applicable laws/rules, regulations, circulars, as amended from time to time, as the case may be, any person or persons as nominee director and/ or an observer on the Board of the Company and to remove from such office any person or persons so appointed and to appoint any person or persons in his or their place(s).

2. Chapter I and Chapter II of these Articles shall apply in so far and to the extent they are not contrary to or inconsistent with the provisions of Chapter III of these Articles as amended from time to time. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any provisions of Chapter III of these Articles and other Articles contained in Chapter I or Chapter II of these Articles, the provisions contained in Chapter III of these Articles shall prevail. In the event of any ambiguity in this regard, these Articles shall be interpreted so as to give full effect to the intent contained in the preceding sentence.