We are a pan-India leading provider of hyperconnected, high-performance digital infrastructure solutions

We are one of the top 3 providers of data center colocation services in India in terms of built IT capacity, as of March 31, 2025, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. We operate 14 colocation data center facilities located in 6 cities with a combined built IT power capacity of 188.04 MW, as of June 30, 2025. According to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, these cities, namely Mumbai, Chennai, Delhi NCR, Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Kolkata, are among India's fastest-growing data center clusters, and our presence in these commercial hubs positions us well to capitalize on the existing and emerging demand for our solutions from Hyperscaler and Enterprise clients. Presence in such key demand pockets enables low latency for our data centers, which in turn minimizes transmission delays and ensures faster response times for applications and services, providing a significant benefit to our clients, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. In particular, our data centers in key hub coastal cities, such as Mumbai and Chennai, are in close proximity to international undersea cable landing points, offering low-latency access and strong global connectivity, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. For example, the Chennai 02 Data Center has a 2 petabyte capacity subsea data cable landing station on site.

Our data centers are carrier-neutral and strategically positioned in locations with high network connectivity, including subsea data cable landing stations and fiber networks. This gives our clients the ability to seamlessly distribute workloads across multiple data centers.

Our hyperconnected, high-performance data centers are designed to support a wide range of workloads, at desired service level commitments, such as with 99.99%+ uptime at the Chennai 02 Data Center (Tower B), the Noida 02 Data Center (Tower B) and Tower 5 at the Rabale Data Center campus. The following are some of the features of our data centers:

* Our data centers employ advanced cooling technologies, including air, liquid, and/or immersion cooling systems, to cater to varied workloads. The Tower 5 facility at the Rabale Data Center campus was the first in India to be certified by NVIDIA as a DGX-ready data center for air and liquid cooling, showcasing our capability to support AI workloads, and currently 3 of our latest facilities have been certified for AI workloads and air and liquid cooling by NVIDIA, in each case according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report.
* Our data centers are served by multiple fiber paths and a large number of connectivity networks, which enables a dense network of connection points. This increases the reliability and performance of our operations, facilitates efficient data transfer and redundancy and which ensure low latency.
* Our data center facilities are carrier-neutral offering multiple internet exchange points, transit points of presence and multiple telecom multiplexers, which means that our clients have the flexibility to connect to all major telecommunications carriers and a large number of cloud interconnects.
* We adopt a POD-based design for our data centers, which enables agile capacity expansion. This means that we are able to offer modularity, faster deployment, and optimized resource utilization for our clients. The POD-based design also allows us to phase our capital expenditure in alignment with client demand.
* Our data centers have in place arrangements to ensure a minimum of 48 hours of fuel supply for backup power (provided by 2 fuel supply companies), and additional backup fuel that can be provided by a third supply company upon request at short notice. Our data center campuses in Rabale, Chennai and Noida have an onsite 230 KV gas-insulated switchgear substation that helps ensure continuous power supply.

In addition, our data centers have automated building management systems and are designed to complement the civil infrastructure in the regions in which we operate by providing a comprehensive range of digital infrastructure solutions, including performance monitoring and reporting, compliance and security. Automated building management systems are centralized control systems that monitor, manage and automate various mechanical, electrical and electromechanical functions within the data center. The primary benefits of the management systems are to improve occupant comfort, ensure safe building operation, reduce energy consumption, optimize equipment performance, and support predictive maintenance.

We have implemented a robust security framework, and our capabilities include advanced security solutions, including data encryption, data loss prevention, cybersecurity protection and AI-powered observability tools to protect critical financial data and infrastructure, which we are able to tailor to the individual needs of our clients. These measures help mitigate risks to us and our clients, prevent unauthorized access and ensure compliance with regulatory frameworks, all of which provide our clients with peace of mind in their dealings with our Company.

Our data centers are concurrently maintainable and have obtained top-tier certifications from industry bodies. The Tower 5 facility at the Rabale Data Center campus, the Chennai 02 Data Center (Tower B) data center and the Noida 02 Data Center (Tower B) data center are TIA-942 Rated 4 certified. TIA-942 Rated 4 certification is the highest level of certification that represents fully fault-tolerant infrastructure, with redundant systems for all critical components, offering proof of a progressive