## 2. Part funding of capital expenditure requirements for setting up of towers 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center

We operate seven data centers in Mumbai, as of June 30, 2025. Our Rabale Data Center campus is a mega data center campus designed with flexibility for capacity expansion. It is one of our newest and largest data centers by size and capabilities. The Rabale Data Center is designed to accommodate 12 towers. As of June 30, 2025, the Rabale Data Center had five operational towers (towers 1 – 5) with a combined built IT power capacity of 96.94 MW. For further details about our Rabale Data Center, please see section titled “Our Business – Our Data Centers – Rabale Data Center Campus” on page 290 of the DRHP.

We are committed to bringing new data center capacity online and expanding and upgrading our digital infrastructure to meet growing demand for data center hosting solutions in India. According to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, factors like rising digitalization and AI adoption are expected to push data center demand in India from current levels of 1.30 GW in Fiscal 2025 to between 4.70 GW to 5.70 GW in Fiscal 2030, representing a compounded annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of between 30.10% to 35.10%. We aim to capitalize on this anticipated demand by developing new data centers in strategic locations.

Tower 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center are currently under construction and will each comprise a ground floor plus eight upper levels, designed to support high-density IT infrastructure. These towers are part of a strategic expansion plan aimed at boosting the data center's computing capacity. The Company intends to develop and commission a 38.88 MW IT power capacity across both towers, 19.44 MW allocated to each, with operations targeted by Fiscal Year 2028.

### Estimated cost and Amount deployed

We have appointed Vignesh Madhavan, Independent Chartered Engineer for the issue of the report titled “Data Center Project Technical Report T11 & T12 Navi Mumbai” dated October 16, 2025 (“Rabale T11 & T12 Data Center Report”) for evaluating the setting up of tower 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center and verification related to building, electrical, HVAC, fire fighting services, plants and machinery quotations, purchase orders, and land documents presented by our Company, including information and explanation thereto and review of facility related approvals needed.

The total estimated cost for setting up of tower 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center is ₹11,276.93 million as certified by Vignesh Madhavan, Independent Chartered Engineer in the Rabale T11 & T12 Data Center Report. Out of this estimated cost, ₹10.76 million has already been deployed as per the statement of source of funds and deployment of funds as at August 31, 2025, issued by our Statutory Auditor, Manohar Chowdhry & Associates, Chartered Accountants, pursuant to their certificate dated October 16, 2025. Out of the balance amount of ₹11,266.17 million to be deployed, ₹8,600.00 million shall be funded from the Net Proceeds and the balance through borrowing arrangements.

The total estimated cost excluding land acquisition for setting up of tower 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center is provided below:

(in ₹ million)

<table><thead><tr><th>S.No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Total estimated cost<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Amount deployed as of August 31, 2025<sup>(2)</sup></th><th>Amount to be utilized from Net Proceeds<sup>(3)(4)</sup></th><th>Amount proposed to be funded from borrowing arrangements</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Plant and Machinery</td><td>11,253.74</td><td>3.20</td><td>8,600.00</td><td>2,650.54</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Others</td><td>23.19</td><td>7.56</td><td>-</td><td>15.63</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td></td><td><strong>11,276.93</strong></td><td><strong>10.76</strong></td><td><strong>8,600.00</strong></td><td><strong>2,666.17</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Inclusive of GST. The GST will be paid through the borrowing arrangements and will not be funded through the Net Proceeds.
(2) As certified by our Statutory Auditor, Manohar Chowdhry & Associates, Chartered Accountants, pursuant to their certificate dated October 16, 2025.
(3) The amount to be utilized from the Net Proceeds within the above-mentioned particulars is indicative. Any increase or decrease in expenditure for a particular purpose from the planned expenditure is at the discretion of our management.
(4) Exclusive of GST.

### Land Availability

Towers 11 and 12 of the Rabale Data Center is situated at Plot No. R-978, TTC Industrial area, Rabale, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400701 admeasuring 13,152.28 square metres (“Premises”). The Premises have been sub-leased to our Company by Gargantuan Industrial Space Solutions Private Limited (“Sub-Lessor”) by way of an agreement dated March 18, 2025 (“Sub-Lease Agreement”). Security deposit of ₹25.00 million and ₹50.00 million was paid by our Company on execution of the term sheet dated September 22, 2023, on execution of the Sub-Lease Agreement, respectively and is required to pay ₹75.00 million on the Lease Commencement Dates (as defined below) for the first data center. The possession of the Premises was handed over to the Sub-Lessor from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (“MIDC”) pursuant to an agreement to lease dated January 24, 2022, for a consideration of ₹330.27 million. Pursuant to the Sub-Lease Agreement, the Sub-Lessor is required to provide ‘built-to-suit’ premises comprising two multi-storied buildings in two phases on a sub-lease basis, obtain approvals governing the development and construction, and handover the first data center within a period of 18 months from February 16, 2024, and the second data center within a period of 34