**Data Center**"); (ii) Repayment/ prepayment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company; and (iii) general corporate purposes.

In relation to the capital expenditure for setting up the Chennai Data Center, we estimate the total cost to be ₹12,020.07 million and have relied on the "Data Center Project Technical Report Chennai 02" dated October 16, 2025 provided by Vignesh Madhavan, Independent Chartered Engineer. Further, in relation to the capital expenditure for setting up towers 11 and 12 of the Rabale Data Center, we estimate the total cost to be ₹11,276.93 million. We have relied on "Data Center Project Technical Report T11 & T12 Navi Mumbai" dated October 16, 2025 for Rabale Data Center, provided by Vignesh Madhavan, Independent Chartered Engineer. Any delay or increase in the costs of leasehold improvements, plant and machinery, building core and shell could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not placed orders for plant and machinery to be purchased from the Net Proceeds. Further, we have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds in relation to setting up of the Chennai Data Center and the Rabale Data Center and have also relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. Most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see "Objects of the Offer" at page 108.

**39. Our Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilized towards data centers which are located on premises sub-leased from certain third parties.**

Our Company is the sub-lessee of the premises where towers 11 and 12 of our Rabale Data Center are located ("Premises"). We are proposing to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds towards the partial funding of capital expenditure requirements for the construction of towers 11 and 12 of our Rabale data center. We acquired leasehold rights over the Premises pursuant to deeds of assignment, supplemental lease agreements, and transfer orders with various third parties ("Sub-Lease Documents"). For details, see "Our Business – Properties" and "Objects of the Offer" on pages 306 and 108 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

In terms of the Sub-Lease Documents, our leasehold rights in the Premises are subject to the terms and conditions of original lease assigning rights to the sub lessors, including land use restrictions, consent/intimation requirements and compliance with pre-construction and post-construction approval requirements within stipulated timelines. Additionally, as per the Sub-Lease Documents, the obligation to apply and ensure validity of statutory and regulatory approvals rests on the principal lessor and not the sub-lessor or our Company. While the sub-lessor has obtained acknowledgement of the sub-lease from the relevant governmental authority the sub-lessor is required to obtain final approval from the relevant governmental authority in relation to the sub-lease, after completion of construction. If the sub-lessor fails to renew or apply for these approvals in a timely manner, it may render our operations non-compliant with applicable laws, subject us to penalties by relevant authorities, and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, the renewal of our leasehold rights is dependent upon the renewal of the original lease by the principal lessor and the sub-lessor(s), and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our leasehold rights in the Premises on a continuous basis or on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Any inability to retain, renew, or secure suitable alternate premises on comparable terms, if required, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In such circumstances, we may also be compelled to relocate our operations to alternative premises, which could result in significant expenses, including transportation and relocation costs, establishment of utilities and infrastructure, civil and engineering works, and other miscellaneous expenditures. Although there have been no instances in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, of disruption in our access to the Premises or the underlying leasehold rights, we cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into such lease deeds in a timely manner in the future. Any inability to secure timely renewals or to enter into lease agreements when required could adversely affect the returns of the affected projects and, consequently, our business, results of operations and financial condition.

**40. We are committed to increasing our use of renewable energy as part of our long-term sustainability strategy and to meet our power needs for our operations. If we are unable to efficiently execute this transition or if the required capital expenditures exceed our projections and we do not see adequate financial returns, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.**

Data centers and transmission networks account for between 1% and 1.5% of global electricity use and approximately 1% of energy-related greenhouse gas emissions, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. These figures are expected to grow as internet traffic continues to surge and digital infrastructure expands, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. As data demands grow and infrastructure scales rapidly, sustainability has become a key consideration in digital transformation strategies, and Hyperscalers and Enterprises are increasingly prioritizing ESG factors, especially sustainable energy use and carbon footprint, when selecting data center providers, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. We are committed to increasing our use of renewable energy sources to power our operations as part of our long-term sustainability strategy. These initiatives require significant capital expenditure, including investments in renewable energy infrastructure, energy-efficient technologies, and other associated costs necessary to achieve this transition. While we believe this strategic shift