## Participation by Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company, the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members

The BRLMs and the Syndicate Members shall not be allowed to purchase Equity Shares in this Offer in any manner, except towards fulfilling their underwriting obligations. However, the associates and affiliates of the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members may Bid for Equity Shares in the Offer, either in the QIB Portion or in the Non-Institutional Portion as may be applicable to such Bidders, where the allocation is on a proportionate basis or in any other manner as introduced under applicable laws and such subscription may be on their own account or on behalf of their clients. All categories of investors, including associates or affiliates of the BRLMs and Syndicate Members, shall be treated equally for the purpose of allocation to be made on a proportionate basis.

Neither (i) the BRLMs or any associates of the BRLMs (except Mutual Funds sponsored by entities which are associates of the BRLMs or insurance companies promoted by entities which are associate of BRLMs or AIFs sponsored by the entities which are associate of the BRLMs or FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices which are associates of the BRLMs) or pension funds sponsored by entities which are associates of the BRLMs nor; (ii) any person related to the Promoters or Promoter Group shall apply in the Offer under the Anchor Investor Portion.

For the purposes of this section, a QIB who has any of the following rights shall be deemed to be a "person related to the Promoter or Promoter Group": (a) rights under a shareholders' agreement or voting agreement entered into with the Promoter or Promoter Group; (b) veto rights; or (c) right to appoint any nominee director on our Board.

Further, an Anchor Investor shall be deemed to be an associate of the BRLMs, if: (a) either of them controls, directly or indirectly through its subsidiary or holding company, not less than 15% of the voting rights in the other; or (b) either of them, directly or indirectly, by itself or in combination with other persons, exercises control over the other; or (c) there is a common director, excluding a nominee director, amongst the Anchor Investor and the BRLMs. Further, persons related to our Promoters and Promoter Group shall not apply in the Offer under the Anchor Investor Portion.

The Promoter and members of the Promoter Group will not participate in the Offer.

## Bids by Mutual Funds

With respect to Bids by Mutual Funds, a certified copy of their SEBI registration certificate must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable law.

Bids made by asset management companies or custodians of Mutual Funds shall specifically state names of the concerned schemes for which such Bids are made.

In case of a Mutual Fund, a separate Bid can be made in respect of each scheme of the Mutual Fund registered with SEBI and such Bids in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund will not be treated as multiple Bids provided that the Bids clearly indicate the scheme concerned for which the Bid has been made.

No Mutual Fund scheme shall invest more than 10% of its NAV in equity shares or equity related instruments of any single company provided that the limit of 10% shall not be applicable for investments in case of index funds or sector or industry specific schemes. No Mutual Fund under all its schemes should own more than 10% of any company's paid-up share capital carrying voting rights.

## Bids by Eligible Non-resident Indians ("NRIs")

Eligible NRIs Bidding on non-repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for residents (● in colour). Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form meant for Non-Residents (● in colour). Only Bids accompanied by payment in Indian Rupees or freely convertible foreign exchange will be considered for Allotment.

Eligible NRIs may obtain copies of Bid cum Application Form from the Designated Intermediaries. Eligible NRI Bidders Bidding on a repatriation basis by using the Non-Resident Forms should authorise their respective SCSB (if they are Bidding directly through the SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders) to block their Non-Resident External ("NRE") accounts, or FCNR accounts, and eligible NRI Bidders Bidding on a non-repatriation basis by using Resident Forms should authorize their respective SCSBs (if they are Bidding directly through SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders) to block their Non-Resident Ordinary ("NRO") accounts for the full Bid Amount, at the time of the submission of the Bid cum Application Form. Eligible NRIs applying on a non-repatriation basis in the Offer through the UPI Mechanism are advised to enquire with their relevant bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to submitting a Bid cum Application Form.

Participation of Eligible NRIs in the Offer shall be subject to compliance with the FEMA NDI Rules. In accordance with the FEMA NDI Rules, the total holding by any individual NRI, on a repatriation basis, shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity share capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up