79. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple and enterprise-value-to-EBITDA ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter.

Our revenue from operations and EBITDA for Fiscal 2025 was ₹14,283.65 million and ₹6,342.46 million, respectively, and our market capitalization to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2025) multiple is [●] times and our enterprise-value-to-EBITDA ratio (based on Fiscal 2025 profit after tax for the period / year) is [●] at the upper end of the price band. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled "Basis for Offer Price" on page 138 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter.

Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band.

80. If our Company does not receive the minimum subscription of 90% of the Fresh Issue, the Offer may fail.

In the event our Company does not receive (i) a minimum subscription of 90% of the Fresh Issue, and (ii) a subscription in the Offer as specified under Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, including through devolvement of Underwriters, as applicable, within sixty (60) days from the date of Bid Closing Date, or if the subscription level falls below the thresholds mentioned above after the Bid Closing Date, on account of withdrawal of applications or after technical rejections or any other reason, or if the listing or trading permission is not obtained from the Stock Exchanges for the Equity Shares being offered under the Red Herring Prospectus, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received in accordance with applicable law including the SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/0154 dated November 11, 2024. If there is a delay beyond four days, our Company and every Director of our Company who is an officer in default, to the extent applicable, shall pay interest as prescribed under applicable law.

81. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares.

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares of an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax ("STT") is levied on equity shares sold on an Indian stock exchange. Any capital gains exceeding ₹125,000, realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a recognised stock exchange, held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial provision is, inter alia, subject to payment of STT. Further, any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares of an Indian Company on a recognized stock exchange, which were held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer, may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial provision is, inter alia, subject to payment of STT. Further any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares of an Indian company, held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any platform other than a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), without indexation benefits.

Further, any capital gain realized on sale of listed equity shares of an Indian company on a recognized stock exchange, which were held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer, will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident read with the Multilateral Instrument, if and to the extent applicable, and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India's ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain realised upon the sale of the Equity Shares. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. As a result, subject to any relief available under an applicable tax treaty or under the laws of their own jurisdictions, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of our Equity Shares. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors to understand their tax liability as per the laws prevailing on the date of disposal of Equity Shares.

The Government of India announced the interim union budget for Financial Year 2024-2025, following which the Finance Bill, 2024 ("Finance Bill") was introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2024. Subsequently, the Finance Bill received the assent from the President of India and became the Finance Act, 2024, with effect from April 1, 2024 as amended by the Finance Act (No.2), ("Finance Act"). Further, pursuant to the Finance (No.2) Act of 2024, notified on August 16, 2024, the Government of India has introduced new income tax slabs, an increase in standard deduction and an increase in the deduction available in respect of private sector employer's contribution to National Pension Scheme from 10% to 14% of the salary of the concerned employees.

We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act or any subsequent legislation