<table><thead><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Long Term Debt to Equity</td><td>Long Term Debt to Equity is computed as Long-Term Debt divided by Net Worth of the relevant period/Fiscal.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Debt</td><td>Net Debt is computed as total debt including short term debt, long term debt and lease liabilities minus cash and cash equivalents.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Debt to EBITDA</td><td>Net Debt to EBITDA is computed as Net Debt which is total debt including short term debt, long-term debt and lease liabilities minus cash and cash equivalents divided by EBITDA.</td></tr><tr><td>Number of Data Centers Built</td><td>Count of data centers which are operational</td></tr><tr><td>Profit After Tax (“PAT”)</td><td>PAT refers to restated profit for the year as disclosed in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements.</td></tr><tr><td>PAT Margin</td><td>PAT Margin refers to restated profit for the year divided by Revenue from operations as disclosed in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the respective period/Fiscal.</td></tr><tr><td>Profit Before Tax (“PBT”)</td><td>Profit before tax refers to restated profit before tax as disclosed in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements.</td></tr><tr><td>PBT Margin</td><td>PBT Margin is computed as restated profit before tax divided by Revenue from operations as disclosed in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the respective period/Fiscal.</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue Growth</td><td>Revenue growth (%) is calculated as a percentage of Revenue of the relevant period / year minus Revenue of the preceding period/year, divided by Revenue of the preceding period/year.</td></tr><tr><td>Total Built Capacity</td><td>Total available power capacity that can be sold to customers during the year / period.</td></tr><tr><td>Total Operational Capacity</td><td>Total Operational Capacity refers to the contracted load or committed IT power sold to customers during the year / period.</td></tr></tbody></table>

16