55. **Any fraud, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, vendors or contractors could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.**

Our business is subject to incidents of vendor, contractor, employee fraud, theft or embezzlement. We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our Equity Shares. While there have been no such instances of lapses of internal controls, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future.

Furthermore, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. While there have been no instances of any violations of anti-corruption laws in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that there will be no such instances in future.

56. **We track certain operational metrics and non-generally accepted accounting principles, measures with internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement and any real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may adversely affect our business and reputation.**

Certain of our operational metrics, including non-GAAP metrics, such as revenue growth, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, profit before tax margin, profit after tax margin, net debt, long term debt to equity and net debt to EBITDA, are prepared with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. For further details, see "Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data - Non-GAAP Financial Measures" on page 31.

Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics under count or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platform is used across large populations. Limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected.

57. **Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters and have included certain remarks in connection with the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 in connection with the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 in their examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information.**

Our Statutory Auditors have included the following emphasis of matters in their examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023:

* Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by the management of the Company for inclusion in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus to be filed with SEBI, BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India in connection with the Offer and, as a result, the Restated Consolidated Financial Information may not be suitable for any other purpose.

* The restatement of our previously-issued standalone financial statements for Fiscal 2024 in accordance with Ind AS 8 "Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors" regarding the presentation of compound financial instruments.

In addition, our Statutory Auditors are required to comment upon the matters included in the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 (the "CARO Report") issued by the Central Government of India under Section 143(11) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain remarks in their examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023.