would suffer.

17. Our contractual arrangements with our clients generally contain fixed-term pricing mechanisms and customary termination rights. If our costs of operation increase over the contract period or our clients exercise termination rights, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

We focus on building long-term relationships with our clients, and consequently enter into long-term contractual agreements for the provision of our services and solutions. The following table shows the percentage of our total revenue associated with contract terms of at least 7 years, and with 5 years of average contract life remaining.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three months ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th></th><th>(%)</th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Percentage of our total revenue associated with contract terms of at least 7 years, and with 5 years of average contract life remaining</td><td>67.04</td><td>68.34</td><td>64.06</td><td>67.04</td></tr></tbody></table>

Our contractual arrangements with our clients generally contain fixed-term pricing mechanisms, and annual pricing escalation formulas, with increases ranging from 2.00% to 4.00% per annum, however, we otherwise have limited rights to increase the prices at which we offer our solutions during the term of a contract. If our costs of operations increase over a contract period, we may be unable to pass those increases onto our clients, which may adversely impact our profitability and results of operations. In addition, our contractual arrangements include customary termination rights in certain circumstances, and curial dispute resolution processes, including in our clients' jurisdictions. If our clients chose to exercise any termination rights, or not renew our contracts with us, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. None of our clients have exercised any termination rights under their agreements with us during the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023. If our clients or we invoke the dispute resolution processes contemplated in our contractual arrangements, in particular in the jurisdictions of our clients, the costs of bringing or defending such actions may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.

18. Our operations are subject to extensive regulations, which require us to obtain, renew and comply with the terms of various approvals, licenses and permits. Delays or a failure to obtain such licenses and permits will adversely affect our operations and may have an impact on our cash flows.

The development and operation of data centers in India is subject to a broad range of central and state laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental protection, health and safety, information technology, data protection and cyber security. These laws require us to obtain, maintain and comply with a large number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits at different stages of development and operation of data centers. For example, prior to the commencement of construction we are required to obtain a consent to establish from the relevant pollution control board and, in certain cases, height clearance from the Airport Authority of India, an environmental clearance under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and the rules and notifications issued thereunder. Some of the approvals and licenses granted to us are subject to periodic renewals or are pending grant by the relevant authorities.

While we apply for such approvals in the ordinary course, the timing of their grant is not within our control and may be affected by administrative factors, including judicial directions which may adversely impact functioning of appraisal committees and consequently delay in issuance of such approvals. We cannot assure you that such approvals will be granted in the expected timeframe, or that the authorities will not impose additional conditions, requirements or, if they consider us to have been non-compliant, remedial directions or penalties in connection with their grant.

Similarly, there can be no assurance that approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked for non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with their terms or conditions, or pursuant to any regulatory action. Our approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to incur substantial expenditure. Any failure to obtain, maintain or comply with such approvals, or any suspension or revocation thereof, could adversely affect our business, prospects, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, in certain of our data centers the obligation to apply for and maintain statutory and regulatory approvals rests with the principal lessor or sub-lessor, and not with us as the lessee or sub-lessee. For instance, in terms of the lease deeds underlying our Vashi Data Center, our Company is only obliged to obtain permissions, sanctions or licenses necessary for the conduct of trade. If the principal lessor or sub-lessor fails to obtain or renew such approvals in a timely manner, our