The Registrar to the Offer shall submit the details of cancelled/ withdrawn/ deleted applications to the SCSBs on a daily basis within 60 minutes of the Bid closure time from the Bid/ Offer Opening Date till the Bid/ Offer Closing Date by obtaining the same from the Stock Exchanges. The SCSBs shall unblock such applications by the closing hours of the Working Day and submit the confirmation to the BRLMs and the Registrar to the Offer on a daily basis as per the format prescribed in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular.

SEBI *vide* circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 has reduced the post issue timeline for initial public offerings. The revised timeline of T+3 days has been made applicable in two phases, i.e., voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Accordingly, the Offer will be made under UPI Phase III on mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time, including with respect to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023.

In terms of the UPI Circulars, in relation to the Offer, the BRLMs will be required to submit reports of compliance with timelines and activities prescribed by SEBI in connection with the allotment and listing procedure within such period as may be prescribed by SEBI, identifying non-adherence to timelines and processes and an analysis of entities responsible for the delay and the reasons associated with it.

**Submission of Bids (other than Bids from Anchor Investors):**

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/Offer Period (except the Bid/Offer Closing Date)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Submission and Revision in Bids</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/Offer Closing Date*</th></tr><tr><td>Submission of electronic applications (online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) for RIBs, other than QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of electronic application (bank ASBA through online channels like internet banking, mobile banking and syndicate ASBA applications through UPI as a payment mechanism where Bid Amount is up to ₹0.50 million)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 4.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of electronic applications (syndicate non-retail, non-individual applications of QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 3.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of Physical Applications (Bank ASBA)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 1.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of physical applications (syndicate non-retail, non-individual applications where Bid Amount is more than ₹0.50 million)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 12.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Modification/Revision/cancellation of Bids</th></tr><tr><td>Upward Revision of Bids by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders categories#</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 4.00 p.m. IST on Bid/ Offer Closing Date</td></tr><tr><td>Upward or downward Revision of Bids or cancellation of Bids by RIBs*</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr></tbody></table>

* UPI mandate end time shall be 5:00 p.m. on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date

# QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders can neither revise their bids downwards nor cancel/withdraw their bids

**On the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, the Bids shall be uploaded until:**

(i) 4.00 p.m. IST in case of Bids by QIBs and NIBs, and

(ii) Until 5.00 p.m. IST or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchanges, in case of Bids by RIBs.

On Bid/Offer Closing Date, extension of time may be granted by Stock Exchanges only for uploading Bids received from RIBs and Eligible Employees under the Employee Reservation Portion, after taking into account the total number of Bids received up to closure of timings for acceptance of Bid cum Application Form and as reported by the BRLMs to the Stock Exchanges.

**It is clarified that Bids not uploaded on the electronic bidding system or in respect of which the full Bid Amount is not blocked by SCSBs, or not blocked under the UPI Mechanism in the relevant ASBA Account, as the case may be, would be rejected.**

Due to limitation of time available for uploading the Bids on the Bid/Offer Closing Date, Bidders are advised to submit their Bids one day prior to the Bid/Offer Closing Date and in any case no later than 1:00 p.m. IST on the Bid/Offer Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bids are received on the Bid/Offer Closing Date, some Bids may not get uploaded due to lack of sufficient time. Such Bids that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under the Offer. Bids and any revision in Bids will be accepted only during Working Days during the Bid/ Offer Period and revision shall not be accepted on Saturdays and public holidays. The Designated Intermediaries shall modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/Offer Period till 5.00 pm on the Bid/Offer Closing Date after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information to the Registrar to the Offer for further processing. Bidders may please note that as per letter no. List/SMD/SM/2006 dated July 3, 2006 and letter no. NSE/IPO/25101-6 dated July 6, 2006 issued by BSE and NSE, respectively. Bids by ASBA