(1) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider an issue of specified securities aggregating up to ₹5,000.00 million, as may be permitted under applicable law, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer, or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.
(2) The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.
(3) To be finalised upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.

## Proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of Net Proceeds

We propose to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects in accordance with the estimated schedule of implementation and deployment of funds as follows:

(in ₹ million)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th rowspan="2">Total estimated cost <sup>(3)</sup></th><th rowspan="2">Amount deployed as of August 31, 2025<sup>(4)</sup></th><th rowspan="2">Estimated amount to be funded from the Net Proceeds<sup>(5)</sup></th><th rowspan="2">Estimated amount to be funded by way of borrowing arrangements</th><th colspan="3">Estimated deployment of the Net Proceeds in Fiscals</th></tr><tr><th>2027</th><th>2028</th><th>2029</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Part funding of capital expenditure requirements towards completion of tower B of Chennai 02 Data Center</td><td>12,020.07</td><td>4,407.41</td><td>4,650.00</td><td>2,962.66</td><td>1,150.00</td><td>2,500.00</td><td>1,000.00</td></tr><tr><td>Part funding of capital expenditure requirements for setting up of towers 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center</td><td>11,276.93</td><td>10.76</td><td>8,600.00</td><td>2,666.17</td><td>2,600.00</td><td>3,500.00</td><td>2,500.00</td></tr><tr><td>Repayment / prepayment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company</td><td>6,000.00</td><td>-</td><td>6,000.00</td><td>-</td><td>6,000.00</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>General corporate purposes<sup>(1)(2)</sup></td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>●</td><td>-</td><td>●</td><td>●</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total<sup>(2)</sup></strong></td><td><strong>29,297.00</strong></td><td><strong>4,418.17</strong></td><td><strong>●</strong></td><td><strong>5,628.83</strong></td><td><strong>●</strong></td><td><strong>●</strong></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.

(2) To be finalised upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.

(3) Inclusive of GST, to the extent applicable. The GST will be paid through the borrowing arrangements and will not be funded through the Net Proceeds.

(4) As certified by Manohar Chowdhry & Associates, Statutory Auditor, pursuant to their certificate dated October 16, 2025.

(5) Exclusive of GST.

The amount that will be outstanding in relation to the objects specified above, after deployment of the Net Proceeds, will be funded through borrowing arrangements, as applicable. For details regarding the means of finance, please see "- Means of Finance" on page 110.

We are one of the leading providers of data center colocation services in India, in terms of built information technology ("IT") capacity, as of March 31, 2025, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. As of June 30, 2025, we operated 14 data centers located in 6 major cities in India, namely in Mumbai, Chennai, Noida, Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Kolkata, with a combined built IT power capacity of 188.04 MW. According to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, factors like rising digitalization and AI adoption are expected to push data center demand in India from current levels of 1.3 GW in Fiscal 2025 to between 4.7 GW to 5.7 GW in Fiscal 2030, representing a compounded annual growth rate ("CAGR") of between 30.1% to 35.1% over the period. We aim to capitalize on this anticipated demand by developing new data centers in strategic locations. As of June 30, 2025, we had 11 data centers under development.

In this regard, our Company intends to utilize ₹4,650.00 million and ₹8,600.00 million from the Net Proceeds towards part funding of capital expenditure requirements towards (i) completion of tower B of Chennai 02 Data Center and (ii) setting up of towers 11 and 12 of Rabale Data Center, respectively.

The funding requirements, deployment of funds and the intended use of the Net Proceeds as described herein are based on various factors such, our current business plan, management estimates, prevailing market conditions, other commercial and technical factors and the Project Reports issued by Vignesh Madhavan, Independent Chartered Engineer. However, such fund requirements and deployment of funds have not been appraised by any bank, or financial institution or any other independent agency. Vignesh Madhavan, has about 18 years of experience and expertise in, project management and execution and property valuation services for various sophisticated structures including but not limited to multi-storied, residential, commercial, hotels, malls, hospital, industrial and institutional buildings etc. for domestic and international clients. We may have to revise our