control. A slowdown in the general economy or a potential credit crisis could cause our clients or suppliers to suffer disruptions in their businesses or experience financial distress, their access to the credit markets could be limited, and they could file for insolvency or bankruptcy protection and there can be no assurance regarding the continued viability of our counterparties or that we will accurately assess their creditworthiness. Such conditions could cause our clients to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. While we have not been materially impacted by client payment delinquency in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that we will not be so impacted in the future. The following table shows the amounts of bad debt written off during the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three months ended<br/>June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><td colspan="4" style="text-align: center;">(₹ in million)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Bad debts written off</td><td>13.70</td><td>11.65</td><td>11.00</td><td>4.10</td></tr></tbody></table>

There can be no assurance that we will be able to collect the whole or any part of any overdue payments and a significant delay in, or non-receipt of, large payments or non-performance by our clients, suppliers or other counterparties could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.

Timely collection of dues from clients also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our client balances, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.

**14. If our Promoter, STL, fails to continue to satisfy applicable NASDAQ listing standards, including compliance with the minimum bid price of listed securities requirement, its securities may be delisted from the NASDAQ, which may have an adverse impact on the price of the Equity Shares proposed to be listed on Stock Exchanges.**

Our Promoter, STL, is a “foreign private issuer” under the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, whose ADSs evidenced by ADRs are listed on the NASDAQ, and is subject to the NASDAQ continued listing requirements (the “NASDAQ Rules”), including minimum bid price requirements for its securities. STL has, in the past, received notices of non-compliance from NASDAQ when the price of its ADSs was below US$1.00 per security for 30 consecutive trading days. In July 2024, STL received a letter from the Listing Qualification Department of NASDAQ indicating that STL had not met the minimum bid price of US$1.00 per ADR required for continued listing on the NASDAQ. Although STL has regained compliance with the NASDAQ continued listing requirements in the past, we cannot assure you that STL will continue to be in compliance with NASDAQ’s listing requirements. In the event that STL fails to meet, or cure any deficiency under, the listing requirements under the NASDAQ Rules, its securities may be delisted from the NASDAQ and moved to the over-the-counter trading platform, which may have a material adverse effect on the price of our Equity Shares.

**15. We rely on our suppliers for various critical aspects of our infrastructure. If any of our top 10 suppliers ceased supplying products/services to us and we were unable to find a supplier to replace it at a comparable cost and specifications, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.**

Our top 10 suppliers for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and for Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 provided us with electricity to power our operations and a broad range of essential equipment and construction services. Essential equipment supplied included fundamental IT infrastructure. Furthermore, we secured data center related materials and annual maintenance contracts. We also rely on external vendors for various critical aspects of our information technology infrastructure, including lease providers, infrastructure support teams.

The table below sets forth the cost of supplies from our top supplier, top five suppliers and top 10 suppliers based on their contribution to our total expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and for Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, as well as such costs as percentage of our other expenses plus additions to property, plant and equipment, excluding land.