clients. We have engaged external auditing firms to conduct SOC1 Type 2 and SOC2 Type 2 assessments annually on an enterprise level.

We proactively identify and manage cybersecurity risks through technical and organizational security measures such as firewalls, endpoint detection and response, backup and recovery solutions, access controls and vulnerability management. Our employees complete ongoing training on information security, data privacy and business continuity management. We align our Information Security Management Systems policies and procedures to global data privacy regulations for various geographies.

We believe that our approach on risk management strengthens operational competitiveness and encourages best practices to manage critical business processes while improving policies, processes and IT enablement.

## Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our technology and intellectual property. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company uses certain registered trademarks pursuant to the permitted user agreements executed with STL, each dated April 12, 2021. The details of such trademarks are set out in the following table.

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Registered proprietor</th><th>Registration number</th><th>Class</th><th>Date of registration</th><th>Date of expiry</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td rowspan="3">1.</td><td rowspan="3">'Sify'</td><td rowspan="3">STL</td><td>1055294</td><td>9</td><td>October 30, 2001</td><td>October 30, 2031</td></tr><tr><td>1055295</td><td>16</td><td>October 30, 2001</td><td>October 30, 2031</td></tr><tr><td>1715709</td><td>99</td><td>July 30, 2008</td><td>July 30, 2028</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>'Sify DC Container'</td><td>STL</td><td>3346298</td><td>42</td><td>August 26, 2016</td><td>August 26, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>'Keeping you ahead'</td><td>STL</td><td>1614613</td><td>99</td><td>October 24, 2007</td><td>October 24, 2027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">4.</td><td rowspan="2">'Fortknox'</td><td rowspan="2">STL</td><td>1152041</td><td>9</td><td>November 20, 2002</td><td>November 20, 2032</td></tr><tr><td>1152040</td><td>16</td><td>November 20, 2002</td><td>November 20, 2032</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters - Business Transfer Agreement dated January 28, 2021 executed between our Company and STL” and on page 321 and for risks associated with the intellectual property, “Risk Factors—9. We are dependent on our Promoters, in particular STL. Any adverse change in our relationships with our Promoters, our business performance and operations could be materially adversely impacted.” on page 40.

## Corporate Social Responsibility

We are committed to our corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) initiatives. We believe in engaging in CSR initiatives to enhance value and promote social sustainability, sustainable development of the environment and social welfare of the people and society more at large. Our CSR programs focus on providing quality education, skill enhancement, environment, healthcare and sanitation. Over the period Fiscal 2023 to Fiscal 2025, our CSR activities have benefited various health services organizations, educational trusts and schools, charitable trusts and cultural trusts.

The following table sets forth our CSR expenses, by amount and as a percentage of profit, for the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>Three months ended June 30, 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="4">(₹ in million, except percentages)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>CSR expenses</td><td>Nil</td><td>22.01</td><td>21.70</td><td>13.57</td></tr><tr><td>CSR expenses as a percentage of profit for the year</td><td>-</td><td>2.00%</td><td>2.00%</td><td>2.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Risk Management

Effective risk management is one of our focus areas. We have established a risk management policy to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. We identify, analyze and evaluate macro and enterprise risk factors to help inform our risk mitigation plan. This process helps us address relevant risks, enables business continuity and allows us to strengthen areas where we can capture emerging opportunities. We identify business risks based on incident analysis and the environment in which the Company operates. Periodic assessment of the business risk environment is carried out to identify significant risks to the achievement of business objectives of the Company. Key risks are reported and evaluated at appropriate forums and levels within the Sify Group. The risk committee of the Company is responsible for assisting the audit committee with a full status of the risk assessment and management of the risks. The audit committee and the Board also obtain periodical updates on identified risks, depending upon the nature, quantum, and likely impact on the business. We also review our risk management systems periodically to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company's activities.