For further information, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Information—Notes forming part of the Restated Consolidated Financial Information—E. Statement of Restatement Adjustments Made in Restated Consolidated Financial Information” on page 428.

We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditors’ observations for any future financial period will not contain similar remarks, emphasis of matters or other matters prescribed under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, and that such matters will not otherwise affect our results of operations.

**58. Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the 1Lattice and C&W Report, which we commissioned and purchased, and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.**

Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the 1Lattice and C&W Report or extracts of the 1Lattice and C&W Report jointly prepared by 1Lattice and C&W, which are not related to our Company, Directors or Promoters. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. All such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus indicates the 1Lattice and C&W Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the 1Lattice and C&W Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing.

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Further, the 1Lattice and C&W Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the 1Lattice and C&W Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information.

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the 1Lattice and C&W Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the 1Lattice and C&W Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “*Industry Overview*” on page 157. For the disclaimers associated with the 1Lattice and C&W Report, see “*Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data*” on page 32.

**59. Our Promoters, certain of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management may have interests in the Company other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits, which may have an impact on our business operations.**

Our Promoters are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company, along with dividends and other distributions in respect of such Equity Shares. In addition, certain of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management may acquire interests in our Company, in addition to fees payable to them for attending meetings of our Board or a committee thereof, and regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further information on the interest of our Promoters, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “*Our Management—Interest of Directors*” and “*Our Promoters and Promoter Group*” on pages 330 and 341, respectively.

Furthermore, our Company has issued compulsory convertible debentures to one of our Corporate Promoters, STL, pursuant to debenture subscription agreements dated March 29, 2022, March 29, 2023, and August 4, 2025, and our Promoter, STL, is interested in certain properties leased by our Company as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju and Vegesna Bala Saraswathi, our Individual Promoters are Directors on the board of STL, which is the lessor of the immoveable property where the Registered and Corporate Office of our Company is located. For details in relation to the purchase consideration and lease rentals paid by our Company to our Promoter, see, “*Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 34. Related parties and transactions*” “*Our Management*” and “*Our Promoters and Promoter Group*” on pages 407, 325 and 341, respectively.

**60. Differences exist between Ind AS (“Indian Accounting Standards”) and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP (“Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America”) and IFRS (“International Financial Reporting Standards”), which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition.**

For the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the SEBI ICDR Regulations requires us to prepare and present our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and for fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023,