<table><thead><tr><th>Name, designation, occupation, date of birth, age, address, current term, period of directorship and DIN</th><th>Other directorships</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Mark Evan Adams</strong><br>Designation: Non-Executive Non-Independent Director<br>Occupation: Data centre & lecturer, University of California, Berkeley<br>Date of birth: March 15, 1962<br>Age: 63<br>Address: 80, 23rd Ave, Santa Cruz, California, United States of America, 95062<br>Current term: Liable to retire by rotation<br>Period of directorship: Director since August 18, 2025<br>DIN: 11232866</td><td><strong>Indian Companies:</strong><br>Nil<br><br><strong>Foreign Companies:</strong><br>1. True Internet Data Centre Company Limited, Thailand<br>2. Kasi Cloud LLC</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Thomas Michael Bradicich</strong><br>Designation: Independent Director<br>Occupation: Professional<br>Date of birth: August 23, 1958<br>Age: 67<br>Address: 555, NW, 4th Ave Apartment, 524, Boca Raton, Florida, United States of America, 334323684<br>Current term: For a period of five years with effect from August 18, 2025<br>Period of directorship: Director since August 18, 2025<br>DIN: 10672895</td><td><strong>Indian Companies:</strong><br>1. Sify Technologies Limited<br><br><strong>Foreign Companies:</strong><br>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Brief profiles of our Directors

**Vegesna Ananta Koti Raju** is the Chairperson and Non-Executive Director on the Board of our Company. He holds a bachelor's degree in engineering (electronic engineering) from Bangalore University and master's degree in science (computer engineering) from Wayne State University, Michigan. He has over 23 years of experience in strategy, management and operations. Currently, he serves as a director on the boards of STL, RVIIPL, Sify Digital Services Limited, RCICPL and Sify Technologies North America Corporation. He has previously been associated with Server Works Corporation and Motorola, Inc. He holds United States patents for central processing unit architecture and high-performance register file with overlapping windows. Further, he has been awarded the Silver Quill award for his outstanding contribution to the publication objectives of the Motorola semiconductor products sector.

**Chintaluri Venkata Rajeswara Rao** is a Whole-time Director on the Board of our Company. He holds a bachelor's degree in law and a bachelor's degree in commerce from Andhra University. He has been enrolled as an advocate with the Bar Council of the state of Andhra Pradesh. He has over 16 years of experience in strategy, operations and management. He has previously served as the chief operating officer of STL, our Promoter. Currently, he is associated with KKAAR Farms and Developers Private Limited, Raju Vegesna Agrofarms and Estates Private Limited, V.A.R. Agrotech Private Limited, V.R.R. Agrotech Private Limited, Satya Sravanthi Agrofarms Private Limited, Anantha Koti Raju Developers Private Limited, Village Inns (India) Private Limited, Raju Vegesna Developers Private Limited, V.A.L.S. Developers Private Limited, V.R.R. Shelters Private Limited, Raju Vegesna Properties (India) Private Limited, Sify Digital Services Limited and Sify Data and Managed Services Limited.

**Vegesna Bala Saraswathi** is a Non-Executive Director on the Board of our Company. She has passed the final examination of bachelor's degree in commerce from Andhra University. She has over 10 years of experience in the strategy, management and operations. Currently, she serves as a director on the boards of STL, RVIIPL, RCICPL, and Sify Digital Services Limited, and is a trustee of Raju Vegesna Foundation (India).