periods and may not necessarily be the same customers.

There is a limited number of Hyperscaler companies operating in India that require data center-related services. If we lose any of our Hyperscaler clients or are unable to extend our services to existing and new Hyperscaler clients as they expand their own operations in India, our business and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

Furthermore, the volume of our business with our top clients may be reduced over time. Our business, operations, revenues and profitability may be adversely affected if these clients demand reductions in the price of our services, set-off any payment obligations or if there is an adverse change in any of our clients' operating strategies, including securing services from a competitor of ours. While we have not experienced any decrease or slowdowns in business from our existing clients in the three months ended June 30, 2025, or during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that we will not face any such decrease or slowdowns in the future. If such reduction in demand for our services and solutions were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

For further details about our clients, see “Our Business – Our Clients” on page 303.

**2. We may not be able to retain and acquire new clients for our data centers. Any inability to retain and acquire clients may materially and adversely affect our business, future prospects and financial performance.**

The global data center industry is experiencing unprecedented growth, driven by the exponential demand for digital services, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence (“AI”), and the data center industry in India is among the fastest growing by capacity in the Asia-Pacific region, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. Significant expansion of the data center industry in India is driven by, among other factors, rapid digital transformation and surging demand for cloud services, big data, AI and Internet-of-things (“IoT”), and Government of India (“GoI”) initiatives, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report. For example, according to the 1Lattice and C&W Report, the “Digital India” initiative drives massive data generation and digital transactions, increasing the need for scalable and secure data center infrastructure. All of these factors have increased the competition in the data center industry. In order to improve our competitiveness, we continue to expand our data center infrastructure to be capable of supporting AI-related workloads. However, if competitors are more successful than we are in the market, it could be difficult for us to retain and/or acquire clients.

In addition, increased competition in the data center space in India puts pressures on data center companies to offer lower prices to attract new clients and retain existing clients. If our competitors are able to offer lower prices than ours, we may lose clients or be unable to attract new clients, which would have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

Furthermore, if we are not able to provide sufficient rack space as and when required by our clients, or we face capacity restrictions at our data centers, our existing clients may prefer to shift to our competitors, or we may be unable to acquire new clients. We have, in the past, experienced instances of rack unavailability and capacity limitations, which have resulted in us being unable to accommodate requested client demand. Moreover, if our clients cease using our services and choose another service provider, we may be required to expend substantial efforts in terms of cost and time to re-acquire such clients, and despite spending on such client acquisition or retention, we may be unsuccessful in retaining such clients.

While we have been successful in retaining our clients and attracting new clients in the three months ended June 30, 2025, and over Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, if we are unable to continue to retain or attract clients, our revenues may decline, which could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition.

**3. Reduction in power supply, rising power expenses and unavailability of fuel may disrupt our data center operations and our profitability could decline.**

We require substantial power and fuel to operate our data centers. The single largest operating cost in our data centers is power. The following table sets forth our power costs, which comprise electricity costs and fuel costs, for the period/Fiscals indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Three months ended June 30, 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of total expenses</th><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of total expenses</th><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of total expenses</th><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of total expenses</th></tr><tr><th>(₹ in million)</th><th>(%)</th><th>(₹ in million)</th><th>(%)</th><th>(₹ in million)</th><th>(%)</th><th>(₹ in million)</th><th>(%)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Power</td><td>1,463.26</td><td>38.03</td><td>5,594.62</td><td>43.91</td><td>4,622.90</td><td>44.99</td><td>4,282.60</td><td>46.95</td></tr></tbody></table>