The Telecom Regulatory Authority has analyzed the fiscal and non-fiscal incentives being extended for promotion of the data center sector in the states and has noted that there is disparity in the quantum of incentives offered by the states.

To boost data centers in India, the regulatory framework includes recommendations for facilitating and incentivizing establishment of data centers and data center parks.²⁴ Authority has recommended to bring out Data Centers Incentivization Scheme (DCIS) for establishing data centers and data centers parks. DCIS will have the following two list of incentives:

a. Certain center-specific fiscal and non-fiscal incentives that can be extended only by the Central Government.

b. The other comes in the form of a guideline to the states, allowing them the flexibility to announce fiscal incentives through their own policies.

### 2.1.2.3 Approvals required for establishing a data center²⁵

Once the land-related documents such as land records, revenue records, lease agreements, encumbrance certificates etc. are in place, a new data center requires close to 30 approvals/permissions from central and different state government departments before it can start its operations. These approvals required to establish a data center facility may have some variations in different states. As an illustration, the clearances required to build data center in Chennai are provided in the table below:

Clearances required to build a data centers in Chennai

<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. no.</th><th>Clearance</th><th>Authority</th><th>Under single window</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="4"><strong>Statutory approvals: pre-construction stage</strong></td></tr><tr><td>1.</td><td>Land Related approvals</td><td>Land records, revenue records, lease agreements, encumbrance certificates (Govt. of Tamil Nadu)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Environmental Clearance</td><td>Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Consent to Establishment</td><td>Metropolitan Development Authority and Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB)</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Provisional Fire No Objection Certificate (NOC)</td><td>State Fire and Rescue Services/ National Fire Protection Association (NFPA)</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Storm Water Permits</td><td>State Pollution Control Board</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Sewage Discharge Approval</td><td>Respective district planning/local authorities</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Tree Cutting NOC</td><td>Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB): Forest Department</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>Drainage/ Garden NOC</td><td>Metro Water Supply and Sewage Board</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Building Permit/ Approvals</td><td>Metropolitan Development Authority</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Commencement Certificate</td><td>MMDA or CMDA or Local planning Authority</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Telecom</td><td>Service provider/ Controller of Communication Accounts of State</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>Water Supply</td><td>Metro Water Supply and Sewage Board</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>13.</td><td>Power Connection Feasibility, Design and Sanction</td><td>State Electricity Board</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>Traffic Approval NOC</td><td>Commissioner of Traffic</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>15.</td><td>NOC for High-rise Structure</td><td>Airport Authority of India (AAI)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"><strong>Pre-construction stage compliance</strong></td></tr><tr><td>16.</td><td>Registration with DIC</td><td>Directory of Industry (DIC)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>17.</td><td>Registration IEM</td><td>Ministry of Commerce</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"><strong>Statutory approvals: during construction stage</strong></td></tr><tr><td>18.</td><td>220kV Power connection cable laying from substation to project premises</td><td>State Electricity Board</td><td>Yes</td></tr></tbody></table>

24 Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), 2022
25 Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), 2022