<table><thead><tr><td>KPIs</td><td>Explanation for the KPI</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>actual debt burden of the Company and is a key indicator of financial leverage and liquidity with lower Net Debt position signifying stronger liquidity and reduced financial risk</td></tr><tr><td>Long Term Debt to Equity</td><td>The Long-Term Debt Ratio measures the proportion of a company's total assets that are financed through long-term debt. It indicates the degree of financial leverage and long-term solvency.</td></tr><tr><td>Net Debt to EBITDA</td><td>Measures the Company's financial leverage by comparing net debt (i.e. total debt minus cash and cash equivalents) to EBITDA. When Net Debt is divided by EBITDA, the resultant multiple indicates the number of years required to repay debt from operating earnings.</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Data Centers Built</td><td>This indicates the count of the Company's Data Centers that are operational</td></tr><tr><td>Count of Cities Present In</td><td>This indicates the number of cities where the Company has Data Centers operations</td></tr><tr><td>Total Built Capacity</td><td>The maximum IT load a data center is engineered to support, based on business requirements, space planning, and infrastructure feasibility. This has been calculated based on the present design specifications in the respective data centers, using total planned electrical load and design power density</td></tr><tr><td>Total Operational Capacity</td><td>The total IT power capacity that has been sold to customers during the year / periods for which revenue from operations is generated. This has been calculated based on contracted load or committed IT power sold to customers</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Comparison of KPIs based on additions or dispositions to our business

Our Company has not made any additions or dispositions to its business for the Financial Years March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 and during three-months ended June 30, 2025.

## 8. Description on the historic use of the KPIs by our Company to analyze, track or monitor the operational and/or financial performance of our Company

In evaluating our business, we consider and use certain KPIs, as presented above, as a supplemental measure to review and assess our financial and operating performance. The presentation of these KPIs is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the Restated Consolidated Financial Information. We use these KPIs to evaluate our financial and operating performance. Some of these KPIs are not defined under Ind AS and are not presented in accordance with Ind AS. These KPIs have limitations as analytical tools. Further, these KPIs may differ from the similar information used by other companies and hence their comparability may be limited. Therefore, these KPIs should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to Ind AS measures of performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or results of operation. Although some of these KPIs may not be a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company's management believes that it provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating our ongoing operating results and trends because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance, when taken collectively with financial measures prepared in accordance with Ind AS.