## SECTION II –RISK FACTOR

An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of this Issue including the merits and risks involved. Any potential investor in, and subscriber of, the Equity Shares should also pay particular attention to the fact that we are governed in India by a legal and regulatory environment which in some material respects may be different from that which prevails in other countries. The risks and uncertainties described in this Section are not the only risks and uncertainties we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on our business. If any of the following risks, or any other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or any part of your investment. Additionally, our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider as immaterial to our operations.

Unless otherwise stated in the relevant risk factors set forth below, we are not in a position to specify or quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks mentioned herein. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information of our Company used in this Section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with Ind AS and the Companies Act and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. To obtain a better understanding, you should read this Section in conjunction with “Our Business” on page 203, “Industry Overview” on page 144 and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 354 as well as other financial information contained herein. For capitalized terms used but not defined herein, see “Definitions and Abbreviation” on page 3.

### Materiality:

The Risk Factors have been determined on the basis of their materiality. The following factors have been considered for determining the materiality of Risk Factors:

* Some risks may not be material individually but may be material when considered collectively;

* Some risks may have an impact which is qualitative though not quantitative; and

* Some risks may not be material at present but may have a material impact in the future.

The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are risk factors where the impact may not be quantifiable and hence the same has not been disclosed in such risk factors. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information of the Company used in this Section is derived from our financial statements under Ind AS, as restated in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Unless otherwise stated, we are not in a position to specify or quantify the financial or other risks mentioned herein. The numbering of the risk factors has been done to facilitate ease of reading and reference and does not in any manner indicate the importance of one risk factor over another.

Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 25.

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the industry report titled “Industry Report on Indian Steel Pipes & Tubes” dated September 19, 2025 prepared and issued by Dun & Bradstreet (“D&B”) (the “D&B Report”), which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Issue pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 8, 2024. D&B is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our Promoters and any of our Directors or KMPs or SMPs. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the D&B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. A copy of the D&B Report is available on the website of our Company at www.rksteel.co.in until the Bid/Issue Closing Date.