either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active trading market for our Equity Shares.

69. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all.

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors.

70. The Issue price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue and the market price of our Equity Shares may decline below the Issue Price and you may not be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price.

The Issue Price of our Equity Shares will be determined by the book-building method. This price is based on numerous factors and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue. For details, see “Basis for Issue Price” on page 131. The market price of our Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. Among the factors that could affect our share price include without limitation. The following:

* Quarterly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as earnings per share, net income and revenues;
* Changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts;
* Speculation in the press or investment community;
* General market conditions; and
* Domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance.

71. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results.

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results.

72. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which investors may be more familiar with and consider material to their assessment of our financial condition.