<table><thead><tr><td>Article No.</td><td>Articles</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>69.</td><td>Application for transfer of partly paid shares.</td><td>Where an application of transfer relates to partly paid shares, the transfer shall not be registered unless the Company gives notice of the application to the transferee and the transferee makes no objection to the transfer within two weeks from the receipt of the notice.</td></tr><tr><td>70.</td><td>Notice to transferee.</td><td>For this purpose the notice to the transferee shall be deemed to have been duly given if it is dispatched by prepaid registered post/speed post/ courier to the transferee at the address given in the instrument of transfer and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered at the time at which it would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post.</td></tr><tr><td>71.</td><td>Recognition of legal representative.</td><td>(a) On the death of a Member, the survivor or survivors, where the Member was a joint holder, and his nominee or nominees or legal representatives where he was a sole holder, shall be the only person recognized by the Company as having any title to his interest in the shares.<br/>(b) Before recognising any executor or administrator or legal representative, the Board may require him to obtain a Grant of Probate or Letters Administration or other legal representation as the case may be, from some competent court in India. Provided nevertheless that in any case where the Board in its absolute discretion thinks fit, it shall be lawful for the Board to dispense with the production of Probate or letter of Administration or such other legal representation upon such terms as to indemnity or otherwise, as the Board in its absolute discretion, may consider adequate<br/>(c) Nothing in clause (a) above shall release the estate of the deceased joint holder from any liability in respect of any share which had been jointly held by him with other persons.</td></tr><tr><td>72.</td><td>Titles of Shares of deceased Member</td><td>The Executors or Administrators of a deceased Member or holders of a Succession Certificate or the Legal Representatives in respect of the Shares of a deceased Member (not being one of two or more joint holders) shall be the only persons recognized by the Company as having any title to the Shares registered in the name of such Members, and the Company shall not be bound to recognize such Executors or Administrators or holders of Succession Certificate or the Legal Representative unless such Executors or Administrators or Legal Representative shall have first obtained Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate as the case may be from a duly constituted Court in the Union of India provided that in any case where the Board of Directors in its absolute discretion thinks fit, the Board upon such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as the Directors may deem proper dispense with production of Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate and register Shares standing in the name of a deceased Member, as a Member. However, provisions of this Article are subject to Sections 72 of the Companies Act.</td></tr><tr><td>73.</td><td>Notice of application when to be given</td><td>Where, in case of partly paid Shares, an application for registration is made by the transferor, the Company shall give notice of the application to the transferee in accordance with the provisions of Section 56 of the Act.</td></tr><tr><td>74.</td><td>Registration of persons</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, any person</td></tr></tbody></table>