<table><thead><tr><td>Article No.</td><td>Articles</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>from time to time think fit, and such appointments may (if the Board think fit) be made in favour of the members or any of the members of any local Board established as aforesaid or in favour of any Company, or the shareholders, directors, nominees or manager of any Company or firm or otherwise in favour of any fluctuating body of persons whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Board and any such powers of attorney may contain such powers for the protection or convenience for dealing with such Attorneys as the Board may think fit, and may contain powers enabling any such delegated Attorneys as aforesaid to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretion for the time being vested in them</td></tr><tr><td>To enter into contracts.</td><td>(21)</td><td>Subject to Sections 188 of the Act, for or in relation to any of the matters aforesaid or otherwise for the purpose of the Company to enter into all such negotiations and contracts and rescind and vary all such contracts, and execute and do all such acts, deeds and things in the name and on behalf of the Company as they may consider expedient.</td></tr><tr><td>To make rules.</td><td>(22)</td><td>From time to time to make, vary and repeal rules for the regulations of the business of the Company its Officers and employees.</td></tr><tr><td>To effect contracts etc.</td><td>(23)</td><td>To effect, make and enter into on behalf of the Company all transactions, agreements and other contracts within the scope of the business of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td>To apply &amp; obtain concessions licenses etc.</td><td>(24)</td><td>To apply for, promote and obtain any act, charter, privilege, concession, license, authorization, if any, Government, State or municipality, provisional order or license of any authority for enabling the Company to carry any of this objects into effect, or for extending and any of the powers of the Company or for effecting any modification of the Company's constitution, or for any other purpose, which may seem expedient and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated, directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company's interests.</td></tr><tr><td>To pay commissions or interest.</td><td>(25)</td><td>To pay and charge to the capital account of the Company any commission or interest lawfully payable there out under the provisions of Sections 40 of the Act and of the provisions contained in these presents.</td></tr><tr><td>To redeem preference shares.</td><td>(26)</td><td>To redeem preference shares.</td></tr><tr><td>To assist charitable or benevolent institutions.</td><td>(27)</td><td>To subscribe, incur expenditure or otherwise to assist or to guarantee money to charitable, benevolent, religious, scientific, national or any other institutions or subjects which shall have any moral or other claim to support or aid by the Company, either by reason of locality or operation or of public and general utility or otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(28)</td><td>To pay the cost, charges and expenses preliminary and incidental to the promotion, formation, establishment and registration of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(29)</td><td>To pay and charge to the capital account of the Company any commission or interest lawfully payable thereon under the provisions of Sections 40 of the Act.</td></tr></tbody></table>

477