We have sustained negative cash flow from operating activities in Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2023 as well as negative cash flow from investing activities in all the last three Fiscals. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows during the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities</td><td>(4,462.58)</td><td>2,752.16</td><td>(2,318.79)</td></tr><tr><td>Net Cash from Investing Activities</td><td>(3,889.92)</td><td>(375.00)</td><td>(6,138.32)</td></tr><tr><td>Net Cash from Financing Activities</td><td>5,326.51</td><td>1,749.26</td><td>8,855.78</td></tr></tbody></table>

Negative cash flows may be indicative of a lower ability to generate sufficient cash inflows to meet operating requirements, fund working capital needs, undertake capital expenditure, or service debt obligations. While negative cash flows in a particular period may not necessarily indicate a long-term issue, continued negative cash flows from operating activities could adversely impact our liquidity, ability to fund our operations, undertake expansion plans, and meet business obligations in a timely manner. We cannot assure you that we will not experience negative cash flows in the future or that our business operations will always generate adequate cash to sustain or grow our operations. Any such instance may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

## 26. We operate from leased premises for our registered office, and manufacturing facility and any inability to continue to occupy these premises on favorable terms could adversely affect our operations.

Our operations are dependent on access to certain material properties, including our registered office, and manufacturing facility, which are held on leasehold basis. The following table sets forth the location and other details of such properties:

<table><thead><tr><th>Sr no.</th><th>Purpose</th><th>Location</th><th>Owned /Leased</th><th>Leased/Owned</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Registered Office</td><td>No.5, Ground Floor, Branson Garden Street, Kilpauk, Chennai, Perambur Purasawalkam, Chennai - 600 010, Tamil Nadu, India</td><td>Leased</td><td>Leased from Mr. Sumit Bafna and Mrs. Sonal Bafna<br>Tenure- 11 months from September 29, 2025<br>Monthly Rent- 1,44,375 per month</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Manufacturing Unit</td><td>Plot No. NN-5, SIPCOT, Industrial Growth Centre, Perundurai, Erode - 638 052, Tamil Nadu, India</td><td>Leased</td><td>Leased from State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu Limited (SIPCOT)<br>Tenure - 99 years w.e.f December 21, 2016<br>Rent- Rs.1 Per year</td></tr></tbody></table>

While our manufacturing facility at Plot No. NN-5, SIPCOT, Industrial Growth Centre, Ingur, Perundurai, Erode - 638 052, Tamil Nadu, India is secured under a long-term lease of 99 years, our registered office and several employee accommodations are under short- or medium-term lease agreements, including some with individual lessors. There can be no assurance that such leases will be renewed upon expiry, or that they will be renewed on commercially favourable terms. Any failure to renew these leases may compel us to relocate, which could result in operational disruptions, increased costs, and logistical challenges.

Further, our dependence on leased accommodations for our workforce exposes us to the risk of disputes with landlords, unexpected increases in rentals, or early termination of lease arrangements. If we are required to vacate these premises, it may disrupt the housing arrangements of our labour force, adversely