<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>committee of the Board authorized by it in that behalf, and except in the presence of at least two directors and of the secretary or such other person as the Board may appoint for the purpose; and those two directors and the secretary or other person aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which the seal of the company is so affixed in their presence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>DIVIDEND AND RESERVES</strong></td></tr><tr><td>151.</td><td>Division of profits.</td><td>(1) Subject to the rights of persons, if any, entitled to shares with special rights as to dividends, all dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares in respect whereof the dividend is paid, but if and so long as nothing is paid upon any of the shares in the Company, dividends may be declared and paid according to the amounts of the shares.<br>(2) No amount paid or credited as paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of this regulation as paid on the share.<br>(3) All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid; but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date such share shall rank for dividend accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>152.</td><td>The company in Meeting may Dividends.</td><td>General declare The Company in General Meeting may declare dividends, to be paid to members according to their respective rights and interests in the profits and may fix the time for payment and the Company shall comply with the provisions of Section 127 of the Act, but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board of Directors, but the Company may declare a smaller dividend in general meeting.</td></tr><tr><td>153.</td><td>Transfer to reserves</td><td>a) The Board may, before recommending any dividend, set aside out of the profits of the company such sums as it thinks fit as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Board, be applicable for any purpose to which the profits of the company may be properly applied, including provision for meeting contingencies or for equalizing dividends; and pending such application, may, at the like discretion, either be employed in the business of the company or be invested in such investments (other than shares of the company) as the Board may, from time to time, think fit.<br>b) The Board may also carry forward any profits which it may consider necessary not to divide, without setting them aside as a reserve.</td></tr><tr><td>154.</td><td>Interim Dividend.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of section 123, the Board may from time to time pay to the members such interim dividends as appear to it to be justified by the profits of the company.</td></tr><tr><td>155.</td><td>Debts may be deducted.</td><td>The Directors may retain any dividends on which the Company has a lien and may apply the same in or towards the satisfaction of the debts, liabilities or engagements in respect of which the lien exists.</td></tr></tbody></table>