<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>95.</td><td>Securing payment or repayment borrowed.</td><td>The payment and/or repayment of moneys borrowed or raised as aforesaid or any moneys owing otherwise or debts due from the Company may be secured in such manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as the Board may think fit, and in particular by mortgage, charter, lien or any other security upon all or any of the assets or property (both present and future) or the undertaking of the Company including its uncalled capital for the time being, or by a guarantee by any Director, Government or third party, and the bonds, debentures and debenture stocks and other securities may be made assignable, free from equities between the Company and the person to whom the same may be issued and also by a similar mortgage, charge or lien to secure and guarantee, the performance by the Company or any other person or company of any obligation undertaken by the Company or any person or Company as the case may be.</td></tr><tr><td>96.</td><td>Bonds, Debentures etc. to be under the control of the Directors.</td><td>Any bonds, debentures, debenture-stock or their securities issued or to be issued by the Company shall be under the control of the Board who may issue them upon such terms and conditions, and in such manner and for such consideration as they shall consider to be for the benefit of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td>97.</td><td>Mortgage of uncalled Capital.</td><td>If any uncalled capital of the Company is included in or charged by any mortgage or other security the Directors shall subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles make calls on the members in respect of such uncalled capital in trust for the person in whose favour such mortgage or security is executed.</td></tr><tr><td>98.</td><td>Indemnity may be given.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles if the Directors or any of them or any other person shall incur or be about to incur any liability whether as principal or surely for the payment of any sum primarily due from the Company, the Directors may execute or cause to be executed any mortgage, charge or security over or affecting the whole or any part of the assets of the Company by way of indemnity to secure the Directors or person so becoming liable as aforesaid from any loss in respect of such liability.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## MEETINGS OF MEMBERS

<table><tbody><tr><td>99.</td><td>Distinction between AGM & EGM.</td><td>All the General Meetings of the Company other than Annual General Meetings shall be called Extra-ordinary General Meetings.</td></tr><tr><td>100.</td><td>Extra-Ordinary General Meeting by Board and by requisition</td><td>(a) The Directors may, whenever they think fit, convene an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting and they shall on requisition of Members made in compliance with Section 100 of the Act, forthwith proceed to convene Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the members</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>When a Director or any two Members may call an Extra Ordinary General Meeting</td><td>(b) If at any time there are not within India sufficient Directors capable of acting to form a quorum, or if the number of Directors be reduced in number to less than the minimum number of Directors prescribed by these Articles and the continuing Directors fail or neglect to increase the number of Directors to that number or to convene a General Meeting, any Director or any two or more Members of the Company holding not less than one-tenth of the total paid up share capital of the Company may call for an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meeting may be called by the Directors.</td></tr><tr><td>101.</td><td>Meeting not to transact business not mentioned in notice.</td><td>No General Meeting, Annual or Extraordinary shall be competent to enter upon, discuss or transfer any business which has not been mentioned in the notice or notices upon which it was convened.</td></tr></tbody></table>

467