<table><thead><tr><th>Nature of Cases</th><th>Number of outstanding cases</th><th>Amount Involved (₹ in lakhs)*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>Litigation involving our Directors (other than Promoters)</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings against our Directors</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings by our Directors</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation against our Director</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation by our Director</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Actions by statutory or regulatory authorities</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Direct and indirect tax proceedings</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>Litigation involving our Promoters</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings against our Promoters</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings by our Promoters</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation against our Promoters</td><td>1</td><td>Not ascertainable</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation by our Promoters</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Actions by statutory or regulatory authorities</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Direct and indirect tax proceedings</td><td>7</td><td>0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>Litigation involving our KMPs and SMPs</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings against our KMPs and SMPs</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings by our KMPs and SMPs</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Actions by statutory or regulatory authorities</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Direct and indirect tax proceedings</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

*To the extent quantifiable.

We cannot assure that any of the aforementioned litigations will be settled in our favour, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. Even if we are successful in defending such cases, we will be subjected to legal and other costs relating to defending such litigation, and such costs could be substantial. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable. All of the above ongoing matters could result in financial losses, reputational damage, and disruptions to our Company's business operations, in the event any adverse orders are passed against our Company/directors.

While we have not incurred any material penalties / fines due to any adverse rulings during the last three Fiscals, such payments or provisions may increase our expenses and current or contingent liabilities and also, adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation in future.

**20. We have contingent liabilities and our financial condition could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materializes.**

As of March 31, 2025, contingent liabilities disclosed in the notes to our audited and Restated Financial Statements aggregated ₹ 4.76 lakhs. The following table sets forth our contingent liabilities as at March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 as per the Restated Financial Information:

(₹ In Lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>A. Contingent Liabilities</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>TDS default summary</td><td>3.77</td><td>2.63</td><td>1.60</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax demands u/s 143(1)(a)</td><td>0.74</td><td>0.74</td><td>0.74</td></tr><tr><td>Goods and Service Tax</td><td>0.25</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>4.76</strong></td><td><strong>3.37</strong></td><td><strong>2.54</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

If any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. For details, please see “Restated Financial Statements - Note no. 42 - Contingent Liabilities” on page 311.