<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Anchor Investor Portion"</td><td>Bid/Issue Closing Date.<br/>Up to 60% of the QIB Portion, which may be allocated by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"Application Supported by Blocked Amount" or "ASBA"</td><td>An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to make a Bid by authorizing an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account and will include applications made by UPI Bidders using UPI, where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>"ASBA Account"</td><td>A bank account maintained with an SCSB and specified in the Bid cum Application Form which will be blocked by such SCSB to the extent of the appropriate Bid Amount in relation to a Bid by a Bidder (other than a Bid by an Anchor Investor) and includes a bank account maintained by a UPI Bidder linked to a UPI ID, which will be blocked upon acceptance of a UPI Mandate Request made by UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>"ASBA Bid"</td><td>A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"ASBA Bidders"</td><td>All Bidders except Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>"ASBA Form"</td><td>An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders which will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>"Banker(s) to the Issue"</td><td>Collectively, the Escrow Collection Bank(s), Refund Bank(s), Public Issue Account Bank(s) and Sponsor Bank.</td></tr><tr><td>"Basis of Allotment"</td><td>Basis on which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Bidders under the Issue, as described in "Issue Procedure" on page 427.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid"</td><td>An indication to make an offer during the Bid/Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period by an Anchor Investor pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares of our Company at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The term "Bidding" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid Amount"</td><td>The highest value of the optional Bids as indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and payable by the Bidder or as blocked in the ASBA Account of the Bidder, as the case may be, upon submission of the Bid in the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid cum Application Form"</td><td>The form in terms of which the Bidder shall make a Bid and which shall be considered as the application for the Allotment pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus, including ASBA Form.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid Lot"</td><td>[●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid/Issue Closing Date"</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being [●], which shall be notified in [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper, and [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated Tamil national daily newspaper, Tamil being the regional language of Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, where our Registered Office is located).</td></tr></tbody></table>

6