The occurrence of natural disasters, including hurricanes, floods, tsunamis, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, any deterioration in relations between India and its neighbouring countries might result in investor concern about stability in the region, which may adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares. The potential impact of a natural disaster on our results of operations and financial position is speculative and would depend on numerous factors. In addition, an outbreak of a communicable disease in India or in the particular region in which we have projects would adversely affect our business and financial conditions and the results of operations. We cannot assure prospective investors that such events will not occur in the future or that our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will not be adversely affected.

82. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law.

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations.

83. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be different from laws of other jurisdictions.

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors' fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders' rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders' rights including in relation to class actions under the Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as our shareholder than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction.

84. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares.

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments or dividend paid therein in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax ("STT") is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold.

Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer may be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months.

STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less, immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail the benefits thereunder.

Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India's ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals.