**The Registration Act, 1908 ("Registration Act")**

The Registration Act, was passed to consolidate the enactments relating to the registration of documents. The main purpose for which the Registration Act was designed was to ensure information about all deals concerning land so that correct land records could be maintained. The Registration Act is used for proper recording of transactions relating to other immovable property also. The Registration Act provides for registration of other documents also, which can give these documents more authenticity. Registering authorities have been provided in all the districts for this purpose.

**The Indian Contract Act, 1872 ("Contract Act")**

The Indian Contract Act lays down the essentials of a valid contract, it provides a framework of rules and regulations that govern the validity, execution and performance of a contract and codifies the way in which a contract may be entered into, executed, implementation of the provisions of a contract and effects of breach of a contract. The Contract Act consists of limiting factors subject to which contract may be entered into, executed and the breach enforced. The contracting parties themselves decide the rights and duties of parties and terms of agreement.

**The Specific Relief Act, 1963 ("Specific Relief Act")**

The Specific Relief Act is complimentary to the provisions of the Contract Act and the Transfer of Property Act, as the Act applies both to movable property and immovable property. The Specific Relief Act applies in cases where the Court can order specific performance of a contract. Specific relief can be granted only for the purpose of enforcing individual civil rights and not for the mere purpose of enforcing a civil law. Specific performance' means Court will order the party to perform his part of agreement, instead of imposing on him any monetary liability to pay damages to other party.

**Competition Act, 2002 ("Competition Act")**

The Competition Act aims to prevent anti-competitive practices that cause or are likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. The Competition Act regulates anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominant position and combinations. The Competition Commission of India ("Competition Commission") which became operational from May 20, 2009, has been established under the Competition Act to deal with inquiries relating to anti-competitive agreements and abuse of dominant position and regulate combinations. The Competition Act also provides that the Competition Commission has the jurisdiction to inquire into and pass orders in relation to an anti-competitive agreement, abuse of dominant position or a combination, which even though entered into, arising, or taking place outside India or signed between one or more non-Indian parties, but causes an appreciable adverse effect in the relevant market in India.

**Legislations pertaining to Stamp Duty**

Stamp duty in relation to certain specified categories of instruments as specified under Entry 91 of the list, is governed by the provisions of the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 ("Stamp Act") which is enacted by the Central Government. All other instruments are required to be stamped, as per the rates prescribed by the respective State Governments in the respective schedules of the respective legislations pertaining to stamp duty as applicable in the State. Stamp duty is required to be paid on all the documents that are registered and as stated above the percentage of stamp duty payable varies from one State to another. Certain State in India have enacted their own legislation in relation to stamp duty while the other State have adopted and amended the Stamp Act, as per the rates applicable in the State. On such instruments stamp duty is payable at the rates specified in Schedule I of the Stamp Act. Instruments chargeable to duty under the Stamp Act which are not duly stamped are incapable of being admitted in court as evidence of the transaction contained therein. The Stamp Act also provides for impounding of instruments which are not sufficiently stamped or not stamped at all. Unstamped and deficiently stamped instruments can be impounded by the authority and validated by payment of penalty. The amount of penalty payable on such instruments may vary from State to State.