a. NIIs (other than the UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism) may submit their ASBA Forms with SCSBs (physically or online, as applicable), or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

b. UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may submit their ASBA Forms with the Syndicate, Sub-Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

c. QIBs and NIBs (other than NIBs using UPI Mechanism) may submit their ASBA Forms with SCSBs, Syndicate, Sub-Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs.

The ASBA Bidders, including UPI Bidders, shall ensure that they have sufficient balance in their bank accounts to be blocked through ASBA for their respective Bid as the application made by a Bidder shall only be processed after the Bid amount is blocked in the ASBA account of the Bidder pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Master Circular. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process. For Anchor Investors, the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available with the BRLM.

The prescribed colour of the Bid cum Application Form for the various categories is as follows:

<table><thead><tr><th>Category</th><th>Colour of Bid cum Application Form*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Resident Indians, including QIBs, Non-institutional Bidders and Retail Individual Bidders, each resident in India and Eligible NRIs applying on a non-repatriation basis</td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Residents including Eligible NRIs, their sub-accounts (other than sub-accounts which are foreign corporates or foreign individuals under the QIB Portion), FPIs or FVCIs registered multilateral and bilateral development financial institutions applying on a repatriation basis<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>●</td></tr><tr><td>Anchor Investors<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>●</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Excluding electronic Bid cum Application Form. Notes:

(1) Electronic Bid cum Application forms and the Abridged Prospectus will also be available for download on the website of NSE (www.nseindia.com) and BSE (www.bseindia.com).
(2) Bid cum Application Forms for Anchor Investors will be made available at the office of the BRLM.
(3) Bid cum Application Forms for Eligible Employees will be available only at our Registered Offices.

For ASBA Forms (other than UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism), the Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) shall submit/deliver the Bid cum Application Forms to the respective SCSB, where the Bidder has a bank account and shall not submit it to any non-SCSB bank or any escrow collection bank. Further, SCSBs shall upload the relevant Bid details (including UPI ID in case of ASBA Forms under the UPI Mechanism) in the electronic bidding system of the Stock Exchanges and the Stock Exchanges shall accept the ASBA applications in their electronic bidding system only with a mandatory confirmation on the application monies blocked. Stock Exchanges shall validate the electronic bids with the records of the CDP for DP ID/Client ID and PAN, on a real time basis and bring inconsistencies to the notice of the relevant Designated Intermediaries, for rectification and re-submission within the time specified by Stock Exchanges. Stock Exchanges shall allow modification of either DP ID/Client ID or PAN ID, bank code and location code in the Bid details already uploaded during the Bid Period and the modification / updation of Bids shall close at 5.00 pm on the Bid / Issue Closing Date.

For UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism, the Stock Exchanges shall share the Bid details (including UPI ID) with the Sponsor Banks on a continuous basis through API integration to enable the Sponsor Banks to initiate a UPI Mandate Request to such UPI Bidders for blocking of funds. The Sponsor Banks shall initiate request for blocking of funds through NPCI to UPI Bidders, who shall accept the UPI Mandate Request for blocking of funds on their respective mobile applications associated with UPI ID linked bank account. The NPCI shall maintain an audit trail for every Bid entered in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform, and the liability to compensate UPI Bidders (Bidding through UPI Mechanism) in case of failed transactions shall be with the concerned entity (i.e., the Sponsor Banks, NPCI or the issuer bank) at whose end the lifecycle of the transaction has come to a halt. The NPCI shall share the audit trail of all disputed transactions/ investor complaints to the Sponsor Banks and the Bankers to the Issue. The Sponsor Banks and the Bankers to the Issue shall provide the audit trail to the BRLM for analysing the same and fixing liability.

In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022,