<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="3">NOMINATION</td></tr><tr><td>80.</td><td>Nomination</td><td>i) Notwithstanding anything contained in the articles, every holder of securities of the Company may, at any time, nominate a person in whom his/her securities shall vest in the event of his/her death and the provisions of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 shall apply in respect of such nomination.<br> ii) No person shall be recognized by the Company as a nominee unless an intimation of the appointment of the said person as nominee has been given to the Company during the lifetime of the holder(s) of the securities of the Company in the manner specified under Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 19 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014<br> iii) The Company shall not be in any way responsible for transferring the securities consequent upon such nomination.<br> iv) If the holder(s) of the securities survive(s) nominee, then the nomination made by the holder(s) shall be of no effect and shall automatically stand revoked.</td></tr><tr><td>81.</td><td>Transmission of Securities by nominee</td><td>A nominee, upon production of such evidence as may be required by the Board and subject as hereinafter provided, elect, either-<br> (i) to be registered himself as holder of the security, as the case may be; or<br> (ii) to make such transfer of the security, as the case may be, as the deceased security holder, could have made;<br> (iii) if the nominee elects to be registered as holder of the security, himself, as the case may be, he shall deliver or send to the Company, a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects and such notice shall be accompanied with the death certificate of the deceased security holder as the case may be;<br> (iv) a nominee shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled to, if he were the registered holder of the security except that he shall not, before being registered as a member in respect of his security, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company.<br> Provided further that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to transfer the share or debenture, and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other moneys payable or rights accruing in respect of the share or debenture, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>82.</td><td>Dematerialisation of Securities</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder the Company may offer its members facility to hold securities issued by it in dematerialized form.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">JOINT HOLDER</td></tr><tr><td>83.</td><td>Joint Holders</td><td>Where two or more persons are registered as the holders of any share they shall be deemed to hold the same as joint Shareholders with benefits of survivorship subject to the following and other provisions contained in these Articles.</td></tr></tbody></table>