## Industry and Market Data

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the industry report titled "Industry Report on Indian Steel Pipes & Tubes" dated September 19, 2025 (the "D&B Report") prepared and issued by Dun & Bradstreet Information Services India Private Limited ("D&B India"), appointed by us on November 8, 2024, and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Issue. D&B India is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our Promoters and any of our Directors or KMPs or SMPs. The data included herein includes excerpts from the D&B Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed Issue), that has been left out or changed in any manner. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the report of D&B India, and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant financial year. A copy of the D&B Report is available on the website of our Company at www.rksteel.co.in until the Bid/Issue Closing Date. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the D&B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. Actual results and future events could differ materially from such forecasts, estimates, predictions, or such statements. Although the industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is reliable, industry sources and publications may base their information on estimates and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Further, industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. The extent to which industry and market data set forth in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends on the reader's familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. In making any decision regarding the transaction, the recipient should conduct its own investigation and analysis of all facts and information contained in the prospectus and the recipient must rely on its own examination and the terms of the transaction, as and when discussed. For risks in relation to the D&B Report, see "Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the D&B Report which has been commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Issue and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Issue is subject to inherent risks." on page 67.

## Exchange Rates

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus may contain conversions of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that these currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate or at all.

<table><thead><tr><th></th><th colspan="3" style="text-align: right;">(in ₹)</th></tr><tr><th>Currency</th><th>Exchange rate as on<br>March 31, 2025</th><th>Exchange rate as on<br>March 31, 2024</th><th>Exchange rate as on<br>March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1 US$</td><td>85.58</td><td>83.37</td><td>82.22</td></tr><tr><td>1 GBP</td><td>110.74</td><td>105.29</td><td>101.87</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: www.fbil.org.in and www.fedai.org.in

## Notice to Prospective Investors in the United States

The Equity Shares have not been recommended by any U.S. federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or approved or disapproved the Equity Shares. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Issue, including the merits and risks involved. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U. S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act