that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing cost also includes exchange differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.

## Leases

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

### Company as a lessee

The Company, at the inception of a contract, assesses whether the contract is a lease or not lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a time in exchange for a consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company assesses whether:

(i) the contract involves the use of an identified asset;

(ii) the Company has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout the period of use; and

(iii) the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.

### Right-of-use assets

The Company recognises right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term at the lease commencement date. The cost of the right of-use asset measured at inception shall comprise of the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset or restoring the underlying asset or site on which it is located. The right-of-use assets is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation, accumulated impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any re-measurement of the lease liability. The right-of-use assets is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date over the shorter of lease term or useful life of right-of-use asset. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. Right of-use assets are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

The Company measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date of the lease or transition to Ind AS 116 "Leases", whichever earlier. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company uses incremental borrowing rate. For leases with reasonably similar characteristics, the Company, on a lease by lease basis, may adopt either the incremental borrowing rate specific to the lease or the incremental borrowing rate for the portfolio as a whole. The lease payments shall include fixed payments, variable lease payments, residual value guarantees, exercise price of a purchase option where the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. The lease liability is subsequently re-measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability, reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made and re-measuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications or to reflect revised in-substance fixed lease payments. The Company recognises the amount of the re-measurement of lease liability due to modification as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset and statement of profit and loss depending upon the nature of modification. Where the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability, the Company recognises any remaining amount of the re-measurement in statement of profit and loss.

Lease payments associated with any other leases which falls outside the purview of Ind AS 116, short term leases and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value are charged to Statement of Profit