<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>LIEN</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>45.</td><td>Company to have Lien on shares.</td><td>The Company shall have a first and paramount lien upon all the shares/debentures (other than fully paid-up shares/debentures) registered in the name of each member (whether solely or jointly with others) and upon the proceeds of sale thereof for all moneys (whether presently payable or not) called or payable at a fixed time in respect of such shares/debentures and no equitable interest in any share shall be created except upon the footing and condition that this Article will have full effect. And such lien shall extend to all dividends and bonuses from time to time declared in respect of such shares/debentures. Unless otherwise agreed the registration of a transfer of shares/debentures shall operate as a waiver of the Company's lien if any, on such shares/debentures. The Directors may at any time declare any shares/debentures wholly or in part to be exempt from the provisions of this clause.</td></tr><tr><td>46.</td><td>As to enforcing lien by sale.</td><td>For the purpose of enforcing such lien the Directors may sell the shares subject thereto in such manner as they shall think fit, but no sale shall be made until such period as aforesaid shall have arrived and until notice in writing of the intention to sell shall have been served on such member or the person (if any) entitled by transmission to the shares and default shall have been made by him in payment, fulfillment of discharge of such debts, liabilities or engagements for seven days after such notice. To give effect to any such sale the Board may authorise some person to transfer the shares sold to the purchaser thereof and purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer. Upon any such sale as the Certificates in respect of the shares sold shall stand cancelled and become null and void and of no effect, and the Directors shall be entitled to issue a new Certificate or Certificates in lieu thereof to the purchaser or purchasers concerned</td></tr><tr><td>47.</td><td>Application of proceeds of sale.</td><td>The net proceeds of any such sale shall be received by the Company and applied in or towards payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and the residue, if any, shall (subject to lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">FORFEITURE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>48.</td><td>If call or installment not paid, notice may be given.</td><td>If any Member fails to pay the whole or any part of any call or installment or any moneys due in respect of any shares either by way of principal or interest on or before the day appointed for the payment of the same, the Directors may, at any time thereafter, during such time as the call or installment or any part thereof or other moneys as aforesaid remains unpaid or a judgment or decree in respect thereof remains unsatisfied in whole or in part, serve a notice on such Member or on the person (if any) entitled to the shares by transmission, requiring him to pay such call or installment of such part thereof or other moneys as remain unpaid together with any interest that may have accrued and all reasonable expenses (legal or otherwise) that may have been accrued by the Company by reason of such non-payment. Provided that no such shares shall be forfeited if any moneys shall remain unpaid in respect of any call or installment or any part thereof as aforesaid by reason of the delay occasioned in payment due to the necessity of complying with the provisions contained in the relevant exchange</td></tr></tbody></table>

458