<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>88.</td><td>Issue of new share warrant coupons</td><td>The Board may, from time to time, make bye-laws as to terms on which (if it shall think fit), a new share warrant or coupon may be issued by way of renewal in case of defacement, loss or destruction.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">CONVERSION OF SHARES INTO STOCK</td></tr><tr><td>89.</td><td>Conversion of shares into stock or reconversion.</td><td>The Company may, by ordinary resolution in General Meeting.<br/>a) convert any fully paid-up shares into stock; and<br/>b) re-convert any stock into fully paid-up shares of any denomination.</td></tr><tr><td>90.</td><td>Transfer of stock.</td><td>The holders of stock may transfer the same or any part thereof in the same manner as and subject to the same regulation under which the shares from which the stock arose might before the conversion have been transferred, or as near thereto as circumstances admit, provided that, the Board may, from time to time, fix the minimum amount of stock transferable so however that such minimum shall not exceed the nominal amount of the shares from which the stock arose.</td></tr><tr><td>91.</td><td>Rights of stock holders.</td><td>The holders of stock shall, according to the amount of stock held by them, have the same rights, privileges and advantages as regards dividends, participation in profits, voting at meetings of the Company, and other matters, as if they hold the shares for which the stock arose but no such privilege or advantage shall be conferred by an amount of stock which would not, if existing in shares, have conferred that privilege or advantage.</td></tr><tr><td>92.</td><td>Regulations.</td><td>Such of the regulations of the Company (other than those relating to share warrants), as are applicable to paid up share shall apply to stock and the words "share" and "shareholders" in those regulations shall include "stock" and "stockholders" respectively.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">BORROWING POWERS</td></tr><tr><td>93.</td><td>Power to borrow.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, the Board may, from time to time at its discretion, by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Board generally raise or borrow money by way of deposits, loans, overdrafts, cash credit or by issue of bonds, debentures or debenture-stock (perpetual or otherwise) or in any other manner, or from any person, firm, company, co-operative society, anybody corporate, bank, institution, whether incorporated in India or abroad, Government or any authority or any other body for the purpose of the Company and may secure the payment of any sums of money so received, raised or borrowed; provided that the total amount borrowed by the Company (apart from temporary loans obtained from the Company's Bankers in the ordinary course of business) shall not without the consent of the Company in General Meeting exceed the aggregate of the paid up capital of the Company and its free reserves that is to say reserves not set apart for any specified purpose.</td></tr><tr><td>94.</td><td>Issue of discount etc. or with special privileges.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, any bonds, debentures, debenture-stock or any other securities may be issued at a discount, premium or otherwise and with any special privileges and conditions as to redemption, surrender, allotment of shares, appointment of Directors or otherwise; provided that debentures with the right to allotment of or conversion into shares shall not be issued except with the sanction of the Company in General Meeting.</td></tr></tbody></table>