Registered Office is located), at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purposes of uploading on their respective websites. The Issue Price shall be determined by our Board or the IPO Committee in consultation with the BRLM, after the Bid/Issue Closing Date. For further details, refer "Issue Procedure" on page 427.

All Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) shall mandatorily participate in this Issue only through the ASBA process by providing the details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs or Sponsor Bank, as the case may be. In addition to this, the UPI Bidders may participate through the ASBA process by providing the details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs or using the UPI Mechanism. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process.

In terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bid(s) or lower the size of their Bid(s) (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bid(s) during the Bid/Issue Period and withdraw their Bid(s) until Bid/Issue Closing Date. Anchor Investors are not allowed to revise and withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period. Allocation to QIBs (other than Anchor Investors) and Non- Institutional Investors will be on a proportionate basis while allocation to Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45) dated April 5, 2022, all individual investors applying in initial public offerings whose application amount is up to ₹5,00,000 shall use UPI Mechanism. Individual investors Bidding under the Non-Institutional Portion Bidding for more than ₹2,00,000 and up to ₹ 5,00,000, using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid- cum-Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower the size of their Bids (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. RIBs bidding in the Retail Portion can revise their Bids during the Bid/Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/Issue Closing Date. Further, Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period. Except for Allocation to RIBs, Non-Institutional Bidders and the Anchor Investors, Allocation in the Issue will be on a proportionate basis. Allocation to the Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis.

The Book Building Process under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Bidding Process are subject to change. Bidders are advised to make their own judgment about an investment through this process prior to submitting a Bid.

Each Bidder will be deemed to have acknowledged the above restrictions and the terms of the Issue, by submitting their Bid in the Issue.

Bidders should note the Issue is also subject to obtaining (i) the final approval of the RoC after the Prospectus is filed with the RoC; and (ii) final listing and trading approvals of the Stock Exchanges, which our Company shall apply for after Allotment as per the prescribed timelines in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

## Illustration of Book Building Process and Price Discovery Process

For an illustration of the Book Building Process and the price discovery process, refer "Terms of the Issue" and "Issue Procedure" on pages 416 and 427, respectively.

## Underwriting Agreement

After the determination of the Issue Price, but prior to allocation of Equity Shares and filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, our Company will enter into the Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters for the Equity Shares proposed to be offered through the Issue, who shall be merchant bankers or stock-brokers registered with SEBI. The extent of underwriting obligations and the Bids to be underwritten by BRLM shall be as per the Underwriting Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the obligations of the Underwriters will be several and will be subject to certain conditions to closing, as specified therein.