<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Cash Escrow and Sponsor Bank Agreement"</td><td>105% of the Floor Price and shall not be more than 120% of the Floor Price. Agreement dated [●] entered into by our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the BRLM, the Syndicate Member, and the Bankers to the Issue for collection of the Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors, transfer of funds to the Public Issue Account and where applicable, refund of the amounts collected from Bidders, on the terms and conditions thereof, in accordance with the UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>"Client ID"</td><td>Client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to dematerialised account.</td></tr><tr><td>"Collecting Depository Participant" or "CDP"</td><td>A depository participant, as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996 and registered under Section 12 (1A) of the SEBI Act and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of SEBI circular no. CIR /CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 and the UPI Circulars and as per the list available on the websites of BSE and NSE.</td></tr><tr><td>"Controlling Branches"</td><td>Such branches of SCSBs which coordinate Bids under the Issue with the BRLM, the Registrar and the Stock Exchanges, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in.</td></tr><tr><td>"Cut-off Price"</td><td>Issue Price, authorized by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM which shall be any price within the Price Band.<br/>Only Retail Individual Bidders are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs (including Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.</td></tr><tr><td>"D&B India"</td><td>Dun &amp; Bradstreet Information Services India Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>"D&B Report"</td><td>The Industry Report titled "Industry Report on Construction Industry in India" dated September 19, 2025 prepared and issued by Dun &amp; Bradstreet Information Services India Private Limited ("D&B India"), appointed by us on November 8, 2024, and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Issue. D&B India is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our Promoters and any of our Directors or KMPs or SMPs. The D&B Report shall be available on the website of our Company at www.rksteel.co.in from the date of the Red Herring Prospectus till the Bid/Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>"Designated Branches"</td><td>Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms from relevant Bidders, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=y&intmId=35 or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>"Demographic Details"</td><td>Details of the Bidders including the Bidder's address, name of the Bidder's father/husband, investor status, occupation and bank account details and UPI ID, wherever applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>"Depository(ies)"</td><td>A depository registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Depositories and Participants') Regulations, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>"Depository Participant" or "DP"</td><td>A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act.</td></tr><tr><td>"Designated CDP Locations"</td><td>Such locations of the CDPs where Bidders submitted the ASBA Forms and in case of RIIs only ASBA Forms with UPI. The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).</td></tr><tr><td>"Designated Date"</td><td>The date on which the Escrow Collection Banks transfer funds from the Escrow Accounts to the Public Issue Account or the Refund Account, as the case may be, and/or the instructions are issued to the SCSBs (in case of UPI</td></tr></tbody></table>

8