<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Fund) Regulations, 1996 or the SEBI AIF Regulations, as the case may be.</td></tr><tr><td>“Year/ calendar year”</td><td>Unless context otherwise required, shall mean the twelve-month period ending December 31</td></tr></tbody></table>

Key Performance Indicators (as defined in the Basis for Issue Price section)

<table><thead><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Explanations</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Debt to equity ratio</td><td>Debt to equity ratio is calculated by dividing our Company's debt by shareholders' equity (as a percentage). This metric is a measurement of our Company's financial leverage and provides us information on our current capital structure and helps us in targeting an optimized capital structure</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA</td><td>Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and is calculated as the restated profit for the period or year plus tax expense, finance cost, depreciation and amortization expenses and excluding exceptional items. EBITDA provides information regarding operational profitability and efficiency of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin (%)</td><td>Percentage of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and is calculated as the restated profit for the period or year plus tax expense, finance cost, depreciation and amortization expenses excluding exceptional items. This metric helps in benchmarking the operating profitability against the historical performance of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio</td><td>Indicates how efficiently a company uses its fixed assets to generate sales revenue.</td></tr><tr><td>Interest Coverage Ratio</td><td>Measures a company's ability to pay interest on its debt using its earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT).</td></tr><tr><td>Net Asset Value per share</td><td>Represents the value of a company's assets minus liabilities, divided by the number of outstanding shares.</td></tr><tr><td>Net profit margin</td><td>Percentage of the amount that remains after a company has paid off all of its operating and non-operating expenses, other liabilities and taxes. It provides information regarding the profitability of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Net worth</td><td>Calculated as total of share capital and other equity. It provides information on the book value of the owners' equity in the business</td></tr><tr><td>Profit after Tax (PAT)</td><td>The amount that remains after a company has paid off all of its operating and non-operating expenses, other liabilities and taxes. It provides information regarding the profitability of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>Return on capital employed</td><td>Return on capital employed is calculated using two components, i.e. earnings before interest and tax divided by capital employed. Capital employed is calculated by sum of net worth and total debt less cash and cash equivalents freely available. This provides us information on efficiency of our capital deployment and utilisation</td></tr><tr><td>Return on equity</td><td>Return on Equity is calculated on the basis of net profit after tax divided by shareholder's equity and is calculated by profit after tax divided by our net worth (share capital and other equity). It indicates our Company's ability to turn equity investments into profits.</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operations</td><td>Revenue from operations include revenue from sales of products in domestic and exports markets, revenue from sale of GP Pipes, GI Pipes, HR Pipes, CR Pipes, GP Coils, CRFH Coils and HRPO Coils and other operating revenue</td></tr><tr><td>Working Capital Days</td><td>Reflects the number of days a company takes to convert its working capital into revenue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

20