<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>certificates as they think fit</td></tr><tr><td>167.</td><td>Inspection of Minutes Books of General Meetings.</td><td>(1) The books containing the minutes of the proceedings of any General Meetings of the Company shall be open to inspection of members without charge on such days and during such business hours as may consistently with the provisions of Section 119 of the Act be determined by the Company in General Meeting and the members will also be entitled to be furnished with copies thereof on payment of regulated charges.<br/>(2) Any member of the Company shall be entitled to be furnished within seven days after he has made a request in that behalf to the Company with a copy of any minutes referred to in sub- clause (1) hereof on payment of Rs. 10 per page or any part thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>168.</td><td>Inspection of Accounts</td><td>a) The Board shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations, the accounts and books of the company, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of members not being directors.<br/>b) No member (not being a director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board or by the company in general meeting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>FOREIGN REGISTER</strong></td></tr><tr><td>169.</td><td>Foreign Register.</td><td>The Company may exercise the powers conferred on it by the provisions of the Act with regard to the keeping of Foreign Register of its Members or Debenture holders, and the Board may, subject to the provisions of the Act, make and vary such regulations as it may think fit in regard to the keeping of any such Registers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>DOCUMENTS AND SERVICE OF NOTICES</strong></td></tr><tr><td>170.</td><td>Signing of documents &amp; notices to be served or given.</td><td>Any document or notice to be served or given by the Company be signed by a Director or such person duly authorised by the Board for such purpose and the signature may be written or printed or lithographed.</td></tr><tr><td>171.</td><td>Authentication of documents and proceedings.</td><td>Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, a document or proceeding requiring authentication by the company may be signed by a Director, the Manager, or Secretary or other Authorised Officer of the Company and need not be under the Common Seal of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>WINDING UP</strong></td></tr><tr><td>172.</td><td></td><td>Subject to the provisions of Chapter XX of the Act and rules made thereunder—<br/>(i) If the company shall be wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the company and any other sanction required by the Act, divide amongst the members, in specie or kind, the whole or any part of the assets of the company, whether they shall consist of property of the same kind or not.<br/>(ii) For the purpose aforesaid, the liquidator may set such value as he deems fair upon any property to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the members or different classes of members.<br/>(iii) The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or</td></tr></tbody></table>