to consider the likelihood of softer growth being a bigger priority than high inflation by starting to cut interest rates to support economies. For businesses, this uncertainty translates into unpredictable cost structures, fluctuating credit availability, and the management of operational costs through diversified supply networks. The latest Dun & Bradstreet Global Business Optimism Insights report reveals a further decline in business optimism, though at a more moderate pace than in the prior quarter, as businesses continued to grapple with trade-related policy uncertainty and its broader economic implications. Export-driven sectors such as automotives, electricals, and metals saw sharp declines in optimism, particularly in the U.S., Mexico, South Korea, and Japan, where rising tariffs and shifting trade policies have fueled cost pressures and demand volatility. Financial risk perceptions remain elevated.

## Global Growth Projection

At broader level, the global economy is expected to experience a slowdown in 2025, with GDP growth projected to decline to 2.8%, down from 3.3% in 2024. This deceleration reflects persistent inflationary pressure, geopolitical uncertainties and tightened monetary policies. However, a slightly recovery is anticipated in 2026, with growth projected to improve to 3.0%. Global inflation is expected to decline steadily, to 4.3% in 2025 and to 3.6% in 2026. Inflation is projected to converge back to the target earlier in advanced economies, reaching 2.2% in 2026, whereas in emerging market and developing economies, it is anticipated to decrease to 4.6% during the same period. Trade tariffs function as a supply shock for the countries imposing them, leading to a decrease in productivity and an increase in unit costs. Countries subject to tariffs experience a negative demand shock as export demand declines, placing downward pressure on prices. In each scenario, trade uncertainty introduces an additional layer of demand shock since businesses and households react by delaying investment and spending, and this impact could be intensified by stricter financial conditions and heightened exchange rate volatility. Moreover, Global trade growth is expected to slow down in 2025 to 1.7%. This forecast reflects increased tariff restrictions affecting trade flows and, to a lesser extent, the waning effects of cyclical factors that have underpinned the recent rise in goods trade. Geopolitical tensions as seen in the past such as the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East could exacerbate inflation volatility, particularly in energy and agricultural commodities.

## India Macroeconomic Analysis

India emerged as one of the fastest growth economies amongst the leading advanced economies and emerging economies. In CY 2024, even amidst geopolitical uncertainties, particularly those affecting global energy and commodity markets, India continues to remain one of the fastest growing economies in the world and is expected to grow by 6.2% in CY 2025 and 6.3% in CY 2026.

<table><thead><tr><th>Country</th><th>CY 2020</th><th>CY 2021</th><th>CY 2022</th><th>CY 2023</th><th>CY 2024</th><th>CY 2025</th><th>CY 2026 P</th><th>CY 2030 P</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>India</td><td>-5.8%</td><td>9.7%</td><td>7.6%</td><td>9.2%</td><td>6.5%</td><td>6.2%</td><td>6.3%</td><td>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td>China</td><td>2.3%</td><td>8.6%</td><td>3.1%</td><td>5.4%</td><td>5.0%</td><td>4.0%</td><td>4.0%</td><td>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td>United States</td><td>-2.2%</td><td>6.1%</td><td>2.5%</td><td>2.9%</td><td>2.8%</td><td>1.8%</td><td>1.7%</td><td>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td>Japan</td><td>-4.2%</td><td>2.7%</td><td>0.9%</td><td>1.5%</td><td>0.1%</td><td>0.6%</td><td>0.6%</td><td>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td>United Kingdom</td><td>-10.3%</td><td>8.6%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>0.4%</td><td>1.1%</td><td>1.1%</td><td>1.4%</td><td>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td>Russia</td><td>-2.7%</td><td>5.9%</td><td>-1.4%</td><td>4.1%</td><td>4.1%</td><td>1.5%</td><td>0.9%</td><td>1.2%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: World Economic Outlook, April 2025

The Government stepped spending on infrastructure projects to boost the economic growth had a positive impact on economic growth. The capital expenditure of the central government increased by average 26.52% during FY 2023-24 which slowed to 7.27% in FY 2025 which is expected to translate in moderating GDP growth of 6.5% in 2024. In the Union Budget 2025-2026, the government announced INR 11.21 trillion capex on infrastructure (10.12% higher than previous year revised estimates) coupled with INR 1.5 trillion in interest-free loans to states. This has provided much-needed confidence to the private sector, and in turn, expected to attract the private investment.

## Historical GDP and GVA Growth trend

As per the latest estimates, India's GDP at constant prices is estimated to grow to INR 187.96 trillion in FY 2025 (Provisional Estimates) with the real GDP growth rates estimated to be 6.5% for FY 2025. Similarly, real Gross Value Added (GVA) growth stood is estimated to have moderated to 6.4% in FY 2025. Even amidst global