**85. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue.**

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager. Furthermore, the Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under "Basis for Issue Price" on page 131 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue.

The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing.

**86. An Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue.**

Subject to requisite approvals, the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors' book entry, or 'demat' accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant's demat account with depository participant could take approximately two Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors' ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors' demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. For further details, see "Issue Procedure" on page 427.