in a timely and efficient manner.

**48. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds.**

We intend to use Net Proceeds from the Issue towards (a) Funding our working capital requirement; (b) Full or part repayment and/or prepayment of certain outstanding secured borrowings availed by our Company; and (c) general corporate purposes. For details of the objects of the Issue, see “**Objects of the Issue**” on page 119. The funding requirement and deployment of the Net Proceeds mentioned as a part of the Objects of the Issue are based on current circumstances of our business, prevailing market conditions, and are subject to changes. The estimates for the proposed expenditure are based on several variables, a significant variation in any one or a combination of which could have an adverse effect. Furthermore, the deployment of funds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution.

We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic industry and we may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment from time to time on account of various factors beyond our control, such as availability of material, inflation, employment levels, demographic trends, changing customer preferences, increasing regulations or changes in government policies, our Board's analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and access to capital such as credit availability and interest rate levels.

Our Company, in accordance with the policies established by the Board from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Furthermore, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Issue, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939, as may be approved by our Board. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Issue will need to rely upon our management's judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds and there can be no assurance that we will earn significant interest income on, or that we will not suffer unanticipated diminution in the value of, such temporary deposits. Furthermore, various risks and uncertainties, such as economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital and including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business.

**49. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our manufacturing facility may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, revenue and ability to meet customer demand.**

The activities carried out at our manufacturing facility involve the use of heavy machinery, high temperatures, chemicals, and other processes that may be potentially hazardous to our employees and contract labor. Despite our efforts to provide a safe and healthy working environment in compliance with applicable standards, and despite having insurance coverage for accidents, there remains an inherent risk that accidents may occur.

An accident at our facility could result in personal injury or loss of life to employees or contract workers, destruction of property or equipment, manufacturing or delivery delays, and environmental damage. It could also lead to suspension of operations, regulatory investigations, or imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. While we have not encountered any fatalities or major employee injuries during the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in the future.

Any such incident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify. Defending legal claims may involve significant costs, and there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all potential liabilities. Furthermore, negative publicity or reputational damage arising from workplace accidents or regulatory action may adversely affect our relationships with customers, suppliers, and employees.