are risks of such breaches in emerging markets. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of such inadvertent non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business and reputation.

**46. Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the D&B Report which has been commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Issue and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Issue is subject to inherent risks.**

Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the Industry Research Report on “*Industry Report on Indian Steel Pipes & Tubes*” dated September 19, 2025 prepared and issued by D&B, which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Issue pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 8, 2024. D&B is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our Promoters and any of our Directors or KMPs or SMPs.

Further, D&B Report is prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Certain information in this Report is subject to limitations and is also based on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Industry sources do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. The D&B Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Furthermore, the D&B Report is not a recommendation to invest/ disinvest in any company covered in the D&B Report. Accordingly, Investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information.

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Issue pursuant to reliance on the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the D&B Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the D&B Report before making any investment decision regarding the Issue. For further details, see “*Industry Overview*” on page 144.

**47. The Directors of our Company donot have experience of being a director of a public listed company.**

Apart from two of our independent directors, Saimathy Soupramanien and C Rajendran who are directors in a listed entities, all other the Directors of our Company do not have the experience of having held directorship of public listed company. Accordingly, they have limited exposure to management of affairs of the listed company which inter-alia entails several compliance requirements and scrutiny of affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, our Company will require to adhere strict standards pertaining to accounting, corporate governance and reporting that it did not require as an unlisted company. Our Company will also be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require it to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to its business and financial condition. If our Company experiences any delays, we may fail to satisfy its reporting obligations and/or it may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in its results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, our Company will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, the Board of Directors of our Company may have to provide increased attention to such procedures and their attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so