(“NRE”) accounts, or Foreign Currency Non-Resident (“FCNR”) accounts, and eligible NRI Bidders bidding on a non-repatriation basis by using Resident Forms should authorise their respective SCSB (if they are Bidding directly through SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of Bidding through the UPI Mechanism) to block their Non-Resident Ordinary (“NRO”) accounts for the full Bid Amount, at the time of the submission of the Bid cum Application Form.

NRIs will be permitted to apply in the Issue through Channel I or Channel II (as specified in the UPI Circulars). Further, subject to applicable law, NRIs may use Channel IV (as specified in the UPI Circulars) to apply in the Issue, provided the UPI facility is enabled for their NRE/ NRO accounts. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI Mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to submitting a Bid cum Application Form. In accordance with FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, the total holding by any individual NRI, on a repatriation basis, shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity share capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity share capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrant or such other limit as may be stipulated by RBI in each case, from time to time. Provided that the aggregate ceiling of 10% may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the members of the Indian Company in a general meeting. Participation of Eligible NRIs shall be subject to the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules.

Eligible NRIs Bidding on non-repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for residents (● in colour). Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form meant for Non-Residents (● in colour). Only Bids accompanied by payment in Indian rupees or fully converted foreign exchange will be considered for Allotment.

For further details of investment by NRIs, see “Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities” beginning on page 692.

## Bids by Hindu Undivided Families

Bids by Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs, in the individual name of the *Karta*. The Bidder/applicant should specify that the Bid is being made in the name of the HUF in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form as follows: “Name of sole or first Bidder/applicant: XYZ Hindu Undivided Family applying through XYZ, where XYZ is the name of the *Karta*”. Bids/Applications by HUFs may be considered at par with Bids/Applications from individuals.

## Bids by Foreign Portfolio Investors

An FPI may purchase or sell equity shares of an Indian company which is listed or to be listed on a recognised stock exchange in India, and/or may purchase or sell securities other than equity instruments. FPIs are permitted to participate in the Issue subject to compliance with conditions and restrictions which may be specified by the Government from time to time.

In terms of the SEBI FPI Regulations, the investment in Equity Shares by a single FPI or an investor group (which means multiple entities registered as FPIs and directly or indirectly having common ownership of more than 50% or common control) must be below 10% of our total paid-up Equity Share capital on a fully diluted basis. Further, in terms of the FEMA NDI Rules, the total holding by each FPI (or a group) shall be less than 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company on a fully diluted basis and the aggregate limit for FPI investments shall be sectoral caps applicable to our Company, which is 100% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company on a fully diluted basis.

In terms of the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, for calculating the aggregate holding of FPIs in a company, holding of all registered FPIs shall be included.

In case the total holding of an FPI increases beyond 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital, on a fully diluted basis or 10% or more of the paid-up value of any series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued that may be issued by our Company, the total investment made by the FPI will be re-classified