1. Total income means aggregate of Revenue from operations and Other Income.
2. Revenue from Operations represents the income generated by the Company from its core operating activities. This gives information regarding the scale of operations.
3. Other Income is the income generated by the Company from its non core operations
4. EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, which has been arrived at by obtaining the profit before tax/ (loss) for the year / period and adding back interest cost, depreciation, and amortization expense.
5. EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA as a percentage of revenue from operations.
6. Profit for the year/period represents the restated profits of the Company after deducting all expenses.
7. PAT Margin (%) is calculated as Profit for the year/period as a percentage of Revenue from Operations.
8. Cash Flow from Operating Activities represents the net cash generated or used by a company's core business operations during the year.
9. Cash Flow from Investing Activities reflects the cash spent on or received from investments in assets like property, equipment, or securities during the year
10. Cash Flow from Financing Activities shows the cash inflows and outflows related to borrowing, repaying debt, issuing shares, or paying dividends during the year.
11. Net Worth is computed as Equity Share Capital plus Other Equity
12. Debt - equity ratio is calculated by dividing total debt by total equity. Total debt represents long - term and short - term borrowings. Total equity is the sum of share capital and reserves & surplus and NCI.
13. Return on Equity is calculated by dividing PAT by average shareholders' equity, indicating how effectively a company uses equity to generate profit.
14. Return on capital employed calculated as Earnings before interest and taxes divided by capital employed as at the end of respective period/year. (Capital employed calculated as the aggregate value of total equity, total debt and reduced by Intangible assets)
15. Return on Assets (ROA) is calculated by dividing PAT by total assets.
16. Interest coverage ratio is calculated as EBIT divided by Finance cost
17. Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio is computed as revenue from operations divided by net fixed assets
18. Working Capital Days is derived from (Working Capital ÷ Sales) × 365.
19. Net Asset Value per Share is calculated as total assets reduced by total liabilities divided by the number of outstanding shares at the end of the year.

Note: The Figure has been certified by our Statutory Auditors, vide their certificate dated September 19, 2025

The above KPIs of our Company have also been disclosed, along with other key financial and operating metrics, in **"Our Business"** and **"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"** on pages203 and 354, respectively. All such KPIs have been defined consistently and precisely in **"Definitions and Abbreviations – Conventional and General Terms and Abbreviations"** on page 3.

Our Company shall continue to disclose the KPIs disclosed hereinabove in this section on a periodic basis, at least once in a year (or for any lesser period as determined by the Board of our Company), for a duration of one year after the date of listing of the Equity Shares, or until the utilization of Issue Proceeds, whichever is later, on the Stock Exchanges pursuant to the Issue, or for such other period as may be required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Explanation for the KPI metrics

<table><thead><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Explanations</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue from Operations</td><td>Revenue from operations include revenue from sales of products in domestic and exports markets, revenue from sale of GP Pipes, GI Pipes, HR Pipes, CR Pipes, GP Coils, CRFH Coils and HRPO Coils and other operating revenue</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA</td><td>Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and is calculated as the restated profit for the period or year plus tax expense, finance cost, depreciation and amortization expenses and excluding exceptional items. EBITDA provides information regarding operational profitability and efficiency of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin (%)</td><td>Percentage of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and is calculated as the restated profit for the period or year plus tax expense, finance cost, depreciation and amortization expenses excluding exceptional items. This metric helps in benchmarking the operating profitability against the historical performance of our Company</td></tr></tbody></table>