<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>17.</td><td>Issue of Securities</td><td>Subject to compliance with applicable provision of the Act and rules framed thereunder the company shall have power to issue any kind of securities as permitted to be issued under the Act and rules framed thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">MODIFICATION OF CLASS RIGHTS</td></tr><tr><td>18.</td><td>Modification of rights</td><td>(a) If at any time the share capital, by reason of the issue of Preference Shares or otherwise is divided into different classes of shares, all or any of the rights privileges attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of the class) may, subject to the provisions of Section 48 of the Act and whether or not the Company is being wound-up, be varied, modified or dealt, with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than three-fourths of the issued shares of that class or with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. The provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings shall mutatis mutandis apply to every such separate class of meeting. Provided that if variation by one class of shareholders affects the rights of any other class of shareholders, the consent of three-fourths of such other class of shareholders shall also be obtained and the provisions of this section shall apply to such variation.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>New Issue of Shares not to affect rights attached to existing shares of that class.</td><td>(b) The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares including Preference Share, if any) of any class issued with preferred or other rights or privileges shall, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of the issue of shares of that class, be deemed not to be modified, commuted, affected, abrogated, dealt with or varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu therewith.</td></tr><tr><td>19.</td><td>Shares at the disposal of the Directors.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 62 of the Act and these Articles, the shares in the capital of the company for the time being shall be under the control of the Directors who may issue, allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any of them to such persons, in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at a premium or at par and at such time as they may from time to time think fit and with the sanction of the company in the General Meeting to give to any person or persons the option or right to call for any shares either at par or premium during such time and for such consideration as the Directors think fit, and may issue and allot shares in the capital of the company on payment in full or part of any property sold and transferred or for any services rendered to the company in the conduct of its business and any shares which may so be allotted may be issued as fully paid up shares and if so issued, shall be deemed to be fully paid shares.</td></tr><tr><td>20.</td><td>Power to issue shares on preferential basis.</td><td>The Company may issue shares or other securities in any manner whatsoever including by way of a preferential offer, to any persons whether or not those persons include the persons referred to in clause (a) or clause (b) of sub-section (1) of section 62 subject to compliance with section 42 and 62 of the Act and rules framed thereunder.</td></tr></tbody></table>