<table><thead><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Seamless Pipes</th><th>Welded Pipes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Size Availability</td><td>Usually available in smaller nominal sizes (up to 24 inches).</td><td>lengths without limitation.</td></tr><tr><td>Corrosion Resistance</td><td>More resistant to corrosion as there are no welds that can corrode.</td><td>Available in a wider range of sizes, including larger diameters.</td></tr><tr><td>Surface Quality</td><td>Rougher surface finish due to the extrusion process.</td><td>More prone to corrosion at the weld areas, which may reduce overall corrosion resistance.</td></tr><tr><td>Cost</td><td>More expensive due to complex manufacturing processes.</td><td>Smoother surface finish as the sheets are welded and finished post-manufacturing.</td></tr><tr><td>Testing Requirements</td><td>Do not require testing for weld integrity since there are no seams.</td><td>More economical, especially for larger sizes due to simpler production methods.</td></tr><tr><td>Applications</td><td>Suitable for high-pressure, high-temperature, and corrosive environments (e.g., oil and gas industries).</td><td>Commonly used in low-pressure applications such as water supply systems and structural applications where cost is a concern. Electric Resistance Welded (ERW) pipes are replacing seamless pipes in the high-pressure, high-temperature and corrosive environment applications.</td></tr><tr><td>Wall Thickness</td><td>Often has inconsistent wall thickness, which can be thicker overall.</td><td>Has more consistent wall thickness across the length of the pipe.</td></tr><tr><td>Ovality and Roundness</td><td>Provides better roundness and ovality due to uniform manufacturing process.</td><td>May have poorer roundness compared to seamless pipes due to the welding process.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Seamless pipes are preferred in applications requiring high strength and resistance to pressure and corrosion, making them suitable for critical environments like oil and gas transportation. In contrast, welded pipes offer cost advantages and are ideal for general-purpose uses where high strength is not as critical. Choosing between seamless and welded MS pipes depends on specific project requirements such as pressure ratings, size availability, cost considerations, and the intended applications.

<table><thead><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Pipes Made Using HR Coil</th><th>Pipes Made Using Narrow Width HR Coil</th><th>Pipes Made Using Patra Coil</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Quality</td><td>Highest quality due to uniform properties from the hot rolling process at high temperature.</td><td>Quality lies between HR coil and patra coil pipes. Depends on slitting precision and original coil quality.</td><td>Lowest quality compared to HR and narrow width coils. Thinner and narrower coils may contain secondary materials.</td></tr><tr><td>Physical Properties</td><td>High strength, consistent thickness and width. Rough surface finish due to hot rolling process.</td><td>Strength depends on original coil properties. Rough surface finish.</td><td>Lower strength than HR coil pipes. Rough surface finish.</td></tr><tr><td>Applications</td><td>Suitable for high-pressure applications like oil and gas pipelines, industrial pipelines, construction, and infrastructure projects.</td><td>Suitable for applications requiring smaller diameter pipes with precise dimensions but not high strength. Examples: automotive components, water supply, irrigation systems, infrastructure components.</td><td>Suitable for non-critical applications where low cost is prioritized over high performance. Examples: fencing, low-pressure liquid transportation pipes.</td></tr><tr><td>Raw Material Specifications</td><td>Width >1200 mm, thickness 2-6 mm.</td><td>Width <500 mm.</td><td>Thickness <3-4 mm, width <400 mm.</td></tr></tbody></table>