<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Senior Management Personnel" or "SMPs"</td><td>For details, see "Restated Financial Statements" on page 271.<br/>The senior management personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as disclosed in "Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management" on page 260.</td></tr><tr><td>"Shareholders" or "members"</td><td>The equity shareholders of our Company whose names are entered into (i) the register of members of our Company; or (ii) the records of a depository as a beneficial owner of Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>"Stakeholders' Relationship Committee"</td><td>The stakeholders' relationship committee of our Board, as described in "Our Management – Board Committees - Stakeholder Relationship Committee" on page 256.</td></tr><tr><td>"Whole-time Director(s)"</td><td>Whole-time director(s) of our Company, as described in "Our Management" on page 247.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Issue Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Abridged Prospectus"</td><td>Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing salient features of a prospectus as may be specified by the SEBI in this behalf.</td></tr><tr><td>"Acknowledgement Slip"</td><td>The slip or document issued by a Designated Intermediary(ies) to a Bidder as proof of registration of the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>"Allot" or "Allotment" or "Allotted"</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue of Equity Shares to the successful Applicants.</td></tr><tr><td>"Allotment Advice"</td><td>Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been or are to be Allotted the Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock Exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>"Allottee"</td><td>A successful Bidder to whom the Equity Shares are Allotted.</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Investor"</td><td>A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Escrow Account(s)" or "Escrow Account(s)"</td><td>Account opened with Anchor Escrow Bank for the Issue and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through direct credit or NEFT or RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Investor Application Form"</td><td>The form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion and which will be considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Investor Allocation Price"</td><td>The price at which the Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, during the Anchor Investor Bidding Date.</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period" or "Anchor Investor Bidding Date"</td><td>One Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which the Book Running Lead Manager will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and allocation to Anchor Investors shall be completed.</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Investor Issue Price"</td><td>The final price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price. The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM.</td></tr><tr><td>"Anchor Investor Pay-in Date"</td><td>With respect to the Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, a date not later than 2 (two) Working Days after the</td></tr></tbody></table>