<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>other disposal of the shares.</td></tr><tr><td>57.</td><td>Cancellation of share certificate in respect of forfeited shares.</td><td>Upon any sale, re-allotment or other disposal under the provisions of the preceding Article, the certificate or certificates originally issued in respect of the relative shares shall (unless the same shall on demand by the Company have been previously surrendered to it by the defaulting member) stand cancelled and become null and void and of no effect, and the Directors shall be entitled to issue a duplicate certificate or certificates in respect of the said shares to the person or persons entitled thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>58.</td><td>Forfeiture may be remitted.</td><td>In the meantime and until any share so forfeited shall be sold, re-allotted, or otherwise dealt with as aforesaid, the forfeiture thereof may, at the discretion and by a resolution of the Directors, be remitted as a matter of grace and favour, and not as was owing thereon to the Company at the time of forfeiture being declared with interest for the same unto the time of the actual payment thereof if the Directors shall think fit to receive the same, or on any other terms which the Director may deem reasonable.</td></tr><tr><td>59.</td><td>Validity of sale</td><td>Upon any sale after forfeiture or for enforcing a lien in purported exercise of the powers hereinbefore given, the Board may appoint some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold and cause the purchaser's name to be entered in the Register of Members in respect of the Shares sold, and the purchasers shall not be bound to see to the regularity of the proceedings or to the application of the purchase money, and after his name has been entered in the Register of Members in respect of such Shares, the validity of the sale shall not be impeached by any person and the remedy of any person aggrieved by the sale shall be in damages only and against the Company exclusively.</td></tr><tr><td>60.</td><td>Surrender of shares.</td><td>The Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Act, accept a surrender of any share from or by any Member desirous of surrendering on such terms the Directors may think fit.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color: #f58220; text-align: center; font-weight: bold;">TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>61.</td><td>Execution of the instrument of shares.</td><td>(a) The instrument of transfer of any share in or debenture of the Company shall be executed by or on behalf of both the transferor and transferee.<br>(b) The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share or debenture until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members or Register of Debenture holders in respect thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>62.</td><td>Transfer Form.</td><td>The instrument of transfer of any share or debenture shall be in writing and all the provisions of Section 56 and statutory modification thereof including other applicable provisions of the Act shall be duly complied with in respect of all transfers of shares or debenture and registration thereof.<br>The instrument of transfer shall be in a common form approved by the Exchange;</td></tr></tbody></table>

460