<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="3">(in ₹ lakhs, except percentage)</th></tr><tr><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Absolute sum of all related party transactions*</td><td>1,037.31</td><td>2,257.90</td><td>1,504.89</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations</td><td>1,14,779.33</td><td>1,02,216.00</td><td>84,744.25</td></tr><tr><td>Absolute sum of all related party transactions as a percentage of revenue from operations (%)</td><td>0.91%</td><td>2.21%</td><td>1.78%</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Absolute sum of all related party transaction is excluding any off-balance sheet items.
As certified by the Statutory Auditors vide their certificate dated September 19, 2025.

Although these transactions have been undertaken on an arm's length basis and in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable laws, there can be no assurance that future transactions with related parties, individually or in the aggregate, will not give rise to actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Such transactions may not always be in the best interests of the Company or its minority shareholders and may have the effect of limiting our ability to negotiate favorable terms, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, margins, and cash flows.

Further, any perception among investors, regulators, or other stakeholders that our related party transactions are not conducted at arm's length or on commercial terms may negatively impact our reputation and corporate governance profile. Following the listing of our Equity Shares, all related party transactions will be subject to review and approval by our Audit Committee, Board of Directors, or shareholders, as applicable, in accordance with the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. However, there can be no assurance that such approvals will eliminate all risks arising out of related party transactions or that such transactions will not have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

For details of our related party transactions, see “Summary of the Issue Document —Summary of related party transactions” and “Related Party Transactions” on pages 32 and 307, respectively.

13. We operate in a hazardous industry and are subject to business and operational risks arising from the manufacture, usage, and storage of hazardous substances, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation.

Our operations involve processes that are inherently hazardous, including the manufacture, handling, processing, storage, and transportation of hazardous material such as Spent Acid, Sludge and high TDS Salts. In addition, our employees operate heavy machinery at our manufacturing facility, which exposes them to risks of accidents, equipment failure, fire, or explosions. These hazards could result in personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to property and equipment, environmental contamination, suspension of operations, and the imposition of civil and criminal liabilities.

Although we adopt safety and security measures and maintain insurance coverage that we believe to be adequate for certain risks, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to prevent accidents or mitigate their consequences. Any significant workplace accident, fire, explosion, or related incident could cause: (i) injury or loss of life to employees or third parties; (ii) damage to or destruction of plant, machinery, or inventory; (iii) disruption or suspension of operations; (iv) manufacturing or delivery delays impacting our ability to meet customer commitments; (v) imposition of regulatory penalties, civil liabilities, or criminal sanctions; and (vi) reputational damage that may impact customer and supplier relationships.

While we have not experienced any major incident during the last three Fiscals, any such event in the future, particularly in the absence of public liability insurance, may require us to incur substantial capital expenditure, pay significant compensation or damages, and defend litigation. Additionally, our hazarour waste authorization has expired. Although our Company has made an application on August 23, 2025, we are yet to receive a copy of the authorization. For details of such application and risk in relation to non-receipt of the said approval, see “Government and Other Statutory Approvals – Material approvals or renewals for which applications are currently pending before relevant authorities” and “Risk