<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Floor Price"</td><td>The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision thereto, at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalized and below which no Bids will be accepted and which shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.</td></tr><tr><td>"Fraudulent Borrower"</td><td>Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1)(lll) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"Fresh Issue"</td><td>The initial public offering of up to 2,00,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] each, aggregating up to ₹[●] lakhs by our Company. For information, see "The Issue" on page 81.</td></tr><tr><td>"Fugitive Economic Offender"</td><td>An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.</td></tr><tr><td>"General Information Document"</td><td>The general information document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 and the UPI Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General Information Document shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLM.</td></tr><tr><td>"Issue"</td><td>Initial public issue of up to 2,00,00,000 Equity Shares of face value ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share, aggregating up to ₹[●] lakhs.</td></tr><tr><td>"Issue Agreement"</td><td>Agreement dated February 4, 2025 entered between our Company, and the BRLM, pursuant to which certain arrangements have been agreed to in relation to the Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>"Issue Price"</td><td>The final price at which Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Bidders, other than Anchor Investors. Equity Shares will be Allotted to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM on the Pricing Date, in accordance with the Book Building Process and in terms of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>"Issue Proceeds"</td><td>The proceeds of the Issue, which shall be available to our Company. For details about use of the Issue Proceeds, see "Objects of the Issue" on page 119.</td></tr><tr><td>"Mobile Applications"</td><td>The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=y&intmdid=43 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by RIIs to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr><tr><td>"Monitoring Agency"</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>"Monitoring Agency Agreement"</td><td>The agreement to be entered into between and amongst our Company and the Monitoring Agency</td></tr><tr><td>"Mutual Fund Portion"</td><td>5% of the Net QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion), or [●] Equity Shares which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>"Mutual Funds"</td><td>Mutual funds registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>"Net Proceeds"</td><td>Gross Proceeds less our Company's share of the Issue expenses. For further details, see "Objects of the Issue" on page 119.</td></tr><tr><td>"Net QIB Portion"</td><td>The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allotted to the Anchor Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>"Non-Institutional Investors" or "Non-Institutional Bidders" or "NIIs" or "NIBs"</td><td>All Bidders, including FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, registered with the SEBI that are not QIBs (including Anchor Investors) or Retail Individual Investors, who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount of more than ₹2,00,000 (but not including NRIs other than Eligible</td></tr></tbody></table>