quality steel production, and create a technologically advanced and globally competitive steel industry in India. As per the NSP 2017, the Ministry of Steel will facilitate research and development in the sector, through the establishment of the Steel Research and Technology Mission of India (SRTMI). The initiative is aimed to spearhead research and development of national importance in the iron and steel sector, by utilizing tripartite synergy amongst industry, national research and development laboratories and academic institutes. The NSP 2017 covers, inter alia, steel demand, steel capacity, raw materials, including iron ore, iron ore pellets, manganese ore, chromite ore, ferro-alloys, land, water, power, infrastructure and logistics, and environmental management. Through policy measures the Ministry of Steel will ensure availability of raw materials such as iron ore, coking coal, natural gas, etc. at competitive rates. The NSP 2017 envisions that in the steel industry, an environment will be created to promote domestic steel and thereby create a scenario where production meets the anticipated pace of growth in consumption, through technologically advanced and globally competitive steel industry.

**Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 ("BIS Act")**

The BIS Act provides for the establishment of the Bureau of Indian Standards ("BIS") for the harmonious development of the activities of standardisation, conformity assessment and quality assurance of goods, articles, processes, systems and services. The BIS Act for the functions of the BIS which includes, among others, (a) recognizing as an Indian standard, any standard established for any article or process by any other institution in India or elsewhere; (b) specifying a standard mark which shall be of such design and contain such particulars as may be prescribed to represent a particular Indian standard; and (c) undertake testing of samples for purposes other than for conformity assessment and (d) undertake activities related to legal metrology. The BIS Act empowers the Central Government in consultation with the BIS to order compulsory use of standard mark for any goods or process if it finds it expedient to do so in public interest. The BIS Act also provides the penalties in case there is a contravention of the provisions of the BIS Act.

**Steel and Steel Products (Quality Control) Order, 2024 ("QC Order")**

The QC Order was notified by the Ministry of Steel, Government of India, vide Gazette Notification No. S.O 574(E) dated February 5, 2024 to bring certain steel products under mandatory BIS certification. All manufacturers of steel and steel products are required to apply for certification and ensure compliance with the QC Order. The QC Order further provides that every steel and steel product stated therein shall bear the standard mark under a license from BIS, as provided in the Bureau of Indian Standards (Conformity Assessment) Regulations, 2018

**The Explosives Act, 1884 ("Explosives Act")**

The Explosives Act is a comprehensive law which regulates by licensing for the manufacturing possession, sale, transportation, export and import of explosives. As per the definition of 'explosives' under the Explosives Act, any substance, whether a single chemical compound or a mixture of substances, whether solid or liquid or gaseous, used or manufactured with a view to produce a practical effect by explosion or pyrotechnic effect shall fall under the Explosives Act. The Central Government may, for any part of India, make rules consistent with this act to regulate or prohibit, except under and in accordance with the conditions of a license granted as provided by those rules, the manufacture, possession, use, sale, transport, import and export of explosives, or any specified class of explosives. Extensive penalty provisions have been provided for manufacture, import or export, possession, usage, selling or transportation of explosives in contravention of the Explosives Act. In furtherance to the purpose of this Act, the Central Government has notified the Explosive Rules in order to regulate the manufacture, import, export, transport and possession for sale or use of explosives.

**Electricity Act, 2003 ("Electricity Act")**

The Electricity Act was enacted to regulate the generation, transmission, distribution, trading and use of electricity by authorising a person to carry on the above acts either by availing a license or by seeking an exemption under the Electricity Act. Additionally, the Electricity Act states no person other than Central Transmission Utility or State Transmission Utility, or a licensee shall transmit or use electricity at a rate exceeding 250 watts and 100 volts in any street or place which is a factory within the meaning of the