<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio <sup>(17)</sup></td><td>12.63</td><td>12.54</td><td>20.41</td></tr><tr><td>Working Capital Days <sup>(18)</sup></td><td>104.00</td><td>86.00</td><td>93.00</td></tr><tr><td>Net Asset Value per share <sup>(19)</sup></td><td>24.43</td><td>22.23</td><td>17.62</td></tr></tbody></table>

1. Total income means aggregate of Revenue from operations and Other Income.

2. Revenue from Operations represents the income generated by the Company from its core operating activities. This gives information regarding the scale of operations.

3. Other Income is the income generated by the Company from its non core operations

4. EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, which has been arrived at by obtaining the profit before tax/ (loss) for the year / period and adding back interest cost, depreciation, and amortization expense.

5. EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA as a percentage of revenue from operations.

6. Profit for the year/period represents the restated profits of the Company after deducting all expenses.

7. PAT Margin (%) is calculated as Profit for the year/period as a percentage of Revenue from Operations.

8. Cash Flow from Operating Activities represents the net cash generated or used by a company's core business operations during the year.

9. Cash Flow from Investing Activities reflects the cash spent on or received from investments in assets like property, equipment, or securities during the year

10. Cash Flow from Financing Activities shows the cash inflows and outflows related to borrowing, repaying debt, issuing shares, or paying dividends during the year.

11. Net Worth is computed as Equity Share Capital plus Other Equity

12. Debt - equity ratio is calculated by dividing total debt by total equity. Total debt represents long - term and short - term borrowings. Total equity is the sum of share capital and reserves & surplus and NCI.

13. Return on Equity is calculated by dividing PAT by average shareholders' equity, indicating how effectively a company uses equity to generate profit.

14. Return on capital employed calculated as Earnings before interest and taxes divided by capital employed as at the end of respective period/year. (Capital employed calculated as the aggregate value of total equity, total debt and reduced by Intangible assets)

15. Return on Assets (ROA) is calculated by dividing PAT by total assets.

16. Interest coverage ratio is calculated as EBIT divided by Finance cost

17. Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio is computed as revenue from operations divided by net fixed assets

18. Working Capital Days is derived from (Working Capital ÷ Sales) × 365.

19. Net Asset Value per Share is calculated as total assets reduced by total liabilities divided by the number of outstanding shares at the end of the year.

For further details, see "Restated Financial Statement" and "Other Financial Information" on pages 271 and 335, respectively.

## Auditor's qualifications which have not been given effect to in the Restated Financial Statements

Our Statutory Auditor have not made any qualifications in the examination report that have not been given effect to in the Restated Financial Statements.

## Summary of outstanding litigation

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, our Directors and our Promoters as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is provided below:

<table><thead><tr><th>Nature of Cases</th><th>Number of outstanding cases</th><th>Amount Involved (₹ in lakhs)*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Litigation involving our Company</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings against our Company</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings by our Company</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation against our Company</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation by our Company</td><td>3</td><td>65.95</td></tr><tr><td>Actions by statutory or regulatory Authorities</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Direct and indirect tax proceedings</td><td>17</td><td>4.81</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Litigation involving our Directors (other than Promoters)</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings against our Directors</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Criminal proceedings by our Directors</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation against our Director</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Material civil litigation by our Director</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Actions by statutory or regulatory authorities</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Direct and indirect tax proceedings</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>