<table><thead><tr><td>Article No.</td><td>Articles</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>control laws or other applicable laws of India, for the time being in force.</td></tr><tr><td>49.</td><td>Terms of notice.</td><td>The notice shall name a day (not being less than fourteen days from the date of notice) and a place or places on and at which such call or installment and such interest thereon as the Directors shall determine from the day on which such call or installment ought to have been paid and expenses as aforesaid are to be paid.<br/>The notice shall also state that, in the event of the non-payment at or before the time and at the place or places appointed, the shares in respect of which the call was made or installment is payable will be liable to be forfeited.</td></tr><tr><td>50.</td><td>On default of payment, shares to be forfeited.</td><td>If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid shall not be complied with, every or any share in respect of which such notice has been given, may at any time thereafter but before payment of all calls or installments, interest and expenses, due in respect thereof, be forfeited by resolution of the Board to that effect. Such forfeiture shall include all dividends declared or any other moneys payable in respect of the forfeited share and not actually paid before the forfeiture.</td></tr><tr><td>51.</td><td>Notice of forfeiture to a Member</td><td>When any shares have been forfeited, notice of the forfeiture shall be given to the member in whose name it stood immediately prior to the forfeiture, and an entry of the forfeiture, with the date thereof shall forthwith be made in the Register of Members.</td></tr><tr><td>52.</td><td>Forfeited shares to be property of the Company and may be sold etc.</td><td>Any shares so forfeited, shall be deemed to be the property of the Company and may be sold, re-allotted, or otherwise disposed of, either to the original holder thereof or to any other person, upon such terms and in such manner as the Board in their absolute discretion shall think fit.</td></tr><tr><td>53.</td><td>Members still liable to pay money owing at time of forfeiture and interest.</td><td>Any Member whose shares have been forfeited shall notwithstanding the forfeiture, be liable to pay and shall forthwith pay to the Company, on demand all calls, installments, interest and expenses owing upon or in respect of such shares at the time of the forfeiture, together with interest thereon from the time of the forfeiture until payment, at such rate as the Board may determine and the Board may enforce the payment of the whole or a portion thereof as if it were a new call made at the date of the forfeiture, but shall not be under any obligation to do so.</td></tr><tr><td>54.</td><td>Effect of forfeiture.</td><td>The forfeiture shares shall involve extinction at the time of the forfeiture, of all interest in all claims and demand against the Company, in respect of the share and all other rights incidental to the share, except only such of those rights as by these Articles are expressly saved.</td></tr><tr><td>55.</td><td>Evidence of Forfeiture.</td><td>A declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director or Secretary of the Company and that shares in the Company have been duly forfeited in accordance with these articles on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the shares.</td></tr><tr><td>56.</td><td>Title of purchaser and allottee of Forfeited shares.</td><td>The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale, re-allotment or other disposition thereof and the person to whom such share is sold, re-allotted or disposed of may be registered as the holder of the share and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the consideration: if any, nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularly or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale, re-allotment or</td></tr></tbody></table>

459