<table><thead><tr><td>Article No.</td><td>Articles</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>To acquire any property, (1) rights etc.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, to purchase or otherwise acquire any lands, buildings, machinery, premises, property, effects, assets, rights, creditors, royalties, business and goodwill of any person firm or company carrying on the business which this Company is authorised to carry on, in any part of India.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To take on Lease. (2)</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act to purchase, take on lease for any term or terms of years, or otherwise acquire any land or lands, with or without buildings and out-houses thereon, situate in any part of India, at such conditions as the Directors may think fit, and in any such purchase, lease or acquisition to accept such title as the Directors may believe, or may be advised to be reasonably satisfy.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To erect & construct. (3)</td><td>To erect and construct, on the said land or lands, buildings, houses, warehouses and sheds and to alter, extend and improve the same, to let or lease the property of the company, in part or in whole for such rent and subject to such conditions, as may be thought advisable; to sell such portions of the land or buildings of the Company as may not be required for the company; to mortgage the whole or any portion of the property of the company for the purposes of the Company; to sell all or any portion of the machinery or stores belonging to the Company.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To pay for property. (4)</td><td>At their discretion and subject to the provisions of the Act, the Directors may pay property rights or privileges acquired by, or services rendered to the Company, either wholly or partially in cash or in shares, bonds, debentures or other securities of the Company, and any such share may be issued either as fully paid up or with such amount credited as paid up thereon as may be agreed upon; and any such bonds, debentures or other securities may be either specifically charged upon all or any part of the property of the Company and its uncalled capital or not so charged.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To insure properties of the Company. (5)</td><td>To insure and keep insured against loss or damage by fire or otherwise for such period and to such extent as they may think proper all or any part of the buildings, machinery, goods, stores, produce and other moveable property of the Company either separately or co-jointly; also to insure all or any portion of the goods, produce, machinery and other articles imported or exported by the Company and to sell, assign, surrender or discontinue any policies of assurance effected in pursuance of this power.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To open Bank accounts. (6)</td><td>To open accounts with any Bank or Bankers and to pay money into and draw money from any such account from time to time as the Directors may think fit.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To secure contracts by way of mortgage. (7)</td><td>To secure the fulfillment of any contracts or engagement entered into by the Company by mortgage or charge on all or any of the property of the Company including its whole or part of its undertaking as a going concern and its uncalled capital for the time being or in such manner as they think fit.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To accept surrender of shares. (8)</td><td>To accept from any member, so far as may be permissible by law, a surrender of the shares or any part thereof, on such terms and conditions as shall be agreed upon.</td></tr></tbody></table>

474