<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>QIBs bidding in the QIB Category and Non-Institutional Investors bidding in the Non-Institutional Portion are not permitted to withdraw their Bid(s) or lower the size of their Bid(s) (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. RIIs can revise their Bids during Bid / Issue period and withdraw their Bids until Bid / Issue Closing Date.</td></tr><tr><td>"SCORES"</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redressal System</td></tr><tr><td>"SEBI ICDR Master Circular"</td><td>SEBI master circular bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/0154, dated November 11, 2024, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>"SEBI RTA Master Circular"</td><td>SEBI RTA master circular bearing number SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated June 23, 2025, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>"Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s)" or "SCSB(s)"</td><td>(i) The banks registered with the SEBI which offer the facility of ASBA and the list of which is available on the website of the SEBI (https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognise dFpi=yes&amp;intmId=34) and updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.<br>(ii) The banks registered with SEBI, enabled for UPI Mechanism, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised Fpi=yes&amp;intmId=40.<br>Applications through UPI in the Issue can be made only through the SCSBs mobile applications whose name appears on the SEBI website. A list of SCSBs and mobile application, which, are live for applying in public issues using UPI Mechanism is provided as Annexure 'A' to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019. The list is available on the website of SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=y es&amp;intmId=43 and updated from time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>"Specified Locations"</td><td>Bidding centers where the Syndicate shall accept Bid cum Application Forms, a list of which is included in the Bid cum Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>"Specified Securities"</td><td>Specified securities in terms of Regulation 2(1)(eee) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"Sponsor Bank"</td><td>A Banker to the Issue which is registered with SEBI and is eligible to act as a Sponsor Bank in a public issue in terms of applicable SEBI requirements and has been appointed by the Company in consultation with the BRLM to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and NPCI to push the UPI Mandate Request in respect of UPI Bidders as per the UPI Mechanism and carry out other responsibilities in terms of the UPI Circulars, in this case being [•].</td></tr><tr><td>"Stock Exchanges"</td><td>BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>"Sub-Syndicate Members"</td><td>The sub-syndicate members, if any, appointed by the BRLM and the Syndicate Members, to collect ASBA Forms and Revision Forms.</td></tr><tr><td>"Syndicate Agreement"</td><td>Agreement to be entered into among our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the BRLM and the Syndicate Members in relation to collection of Bid cum Application Forms by Syndicate.</td></tr><tr><td>"Syndicate Members"</td><td>Intermediaries registered with the SEBI and permitted to carry out activities as an underwriter, in this case [•]</td></tr><tr><td>"Syndicate or members of the Syndicate"</td><td>Together, the BRLM and the Syndicate Members.</td></tr><tr><td>"Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company"</td><td>Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"Underwriters"</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>