<table><thead><tr><td>Article No.</td><td>Articles</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>the same rights and powers (including the right to vote by proxy) on behalf of the body corporate as if it were an individual member, creditor or holder of debentures of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td>117.</td><td>Members paying money in advance.</td><td>(a) A member paying the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on any share held by him although no part of that amount has been called up, shall not be entitled to any voting rights in respect of the moneys paid until the same would, but for this payment, become presently payable.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Members not prohibited if share not held for any specified period.</td><td>(b) A member is not prohibited from exercising his voting rights on the ground that he has not held his shares or interest in the Company for any specified period preceding the date on which the vote was taken.</td></tr><tr><td>118.</td><td>Votes in respect of shares of deceased or insolvent members.</td><td>Any person entitled under Article 73 (transmission clause) to transfer any share may vote at any General Meeting in respect thereof in the same manner as if he were the registered holder of such shares, provided that at least forty-eight hours before the time of holding the meeting or adjourned meeting, as the case may be at which he proposes to vote he shall satisfy the Directors of his right to transfer such shares and give such indemnify (if any) as the Directors may require or the directors shall have previously admitted his right to vote at such meeting in respect thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>119.</td><td>No votes by proxy on show of hands.</td><td>No Member shall be entitled to vote on a show of hands unless such member is present personally or by attorney or is a body Corporate present by a representative duly Authorised under the provisions of the Act in which case such members, attorney or representative may vote on a show of hands as if he were a Member of the Company. In the case of a Body Corporate the production at the meeting of a copy of such resolution duly signed by a Director or Secretary of such Body Corporate and certified by him as being a true copy of the resolution shall be accepted by the Company as sufficient evidence of the authority of the appointment.</td></tr><tr><td>120.</td><td>Appointment of a Proxy.</td><td>Modification of rights-(a the power-of-attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarised copy of that power or authority, shall be deposited at the registered office of the company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote, or, in the case of a poll, not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.</td></tr><tr><td>121.</td><td>Form of proxy.</td><td>An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the form as prescribed in the rules made under section 105.</td></tr><tr><td>122.</td><td>Validity of votes given by proxy notwithstanding death of a member.</td><td>A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the Member, or revocation of the proxy or of any power of attorney which such proxy signed, or the transfer of the share in respect of which the vote is given, provided that no intimation in writing of the death or insanity, revocation or transfer shall have been received at the office before the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.</td></tr><tr><td>123.</td><td>Time for objections to votes.</td><td>No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such meeting shall be valid for all purposes.</td></tr></tbody></table>