<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Amount to be funded from Net Proceeds</th><th>Estimated amount to be deployed from the Net Proceeds in Fiscal 2027</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Repayment/prepayment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed of by our Company</td><td>Upto 4,323.02</td><td>Upto 4,323.02</td></tr><tr><td>Funding of working capital requirements of the Company</td><td>Upto 7,600.00</td><td>Upto 7,600.00</td></tr><tr><td>General corporate purposes <sup>(1)</sup></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Net Proceeds <sup>(1)</sup></strong></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) To be finalised upon determination of Issue Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount utilized for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.

The above stated fund requirements, deployment of funds and the intended use of the Net Proceeds as described in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on our current business plan, management estimates, prevailing market conditions and other commercial considerations. However, such fund requirements and deployment of funds have not been appraised by any external agency or any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. For further information on factors that may affect our internal management estimates, see "Risk Factors - Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds." on page 68 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment on account of a variety of factors such as our financial and market condition, our business and growth strategies, our ability to identify and implement inorganic growth initiatives (including investments and acquisitions), competitive landscape, general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital and other external factors such as changes in the business environment or regulatory climate and interest, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds and changing the allocation of funds from its planned allocation at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance with applicable law. See "Risk Factors - Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds." on page 68 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Our Company proposes to deploy the entire Net Proceeds towards the Objects in the manner as specified and as per the schedule provided in the table above. In the event that the estimated utilization is not completed as per the aforementioned schedule, due to the reasons stated above, such funds shall be utilised in the next Fiscals, as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable law. Depending upon such factors, we may have to reduce or extend the utilisation period for any of the stated Objects beyond the estimated time period, at the discretion of our management, in accordance with applicable law. Further, such factors could also require us to advance the utilisation before the scheduled deployment as disclosed above towards any particular or all Objects. Any such change in our plans may require rescheduling of our expenditure programs and increasing or decreasing expenditure for a particular object vis-à-vis the utilization of Net Proceeds. In case of variations in the actual utilization of funds earmarked for the purposes set forth above, increased fund requirements for a particular purpose may be financed by our internal accruals, additional equity and/or debt arrangements, as required. Subject to compliance with applicable laws, if the actual utilisation towards any of the Objects, including issue related expenses is lower than the proposed deployment such balance will be used for funding other existing Objects, if necessary and/or towards general corporate purposes to the extent that the total amount to be utilised towards general corporate purposes will not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

## DETAILS OF THE OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE

### 1. Repayment/prepayment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed of by our Company

Our Company has entered into various financing arrangements with banks and financial institutions, which include term loans, working capital facilities, including fund based and non-fund based borrowings. For details of our Company's outstanding financial indebtedness, see 'Financial