<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>QIBs</th><th>Non-Institutional Bidders</th><th>Retail Individual Bidders</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>₹250 million, pension fund with minimum corpus of ₹250 million National Investment Fund set up by the Government, insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force of the Union of India, insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India and Systemically Important NBFCs</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Terms of Payment</td><td colspan="3">In case of Anchor Investors: Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of their Bids.</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of Bidding</td><td colspan="3">In case of all other Bidders: Full Bid Amount shall be blocked by the SCSBs in the bank account of the ASBA Bidder (other than Anchor Investors) or by the Sponsor Banks through the UPI Mechanism (for UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism) that is specified in the ASBA Form at the time of submission of the ASBA Form.<br>Through ASBA process only (except Anchor Investors). In case of UPI Bidders, ASBA process will include the UPI Mechanism.</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Assuming full subscription in the Issue

1. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription or non-Allotment in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. For details, see "Issue Procedure" on page 427.

2. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. This is an Issue in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR in compliance with Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Such number of Equity Shares representing 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only. The remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from them at or above the Issue Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allocation in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the remaining Net QIB Portion for proportionate allocation to all QIBs. Further, not less than 15% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Retail Individual Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received from them at or above the Issue Price. The Equity Shares available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders under the Non Institutional Portion, shall be subject to the following: (i) one-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹2.00 lakh and up to ₹10.00 lakh, and (ii) two third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹10.00 lakh, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the aforementioned sub-categories may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion or the Retail Portion would be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange, on a proportionate basis. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories. For further details, see "Terms of the Issue" on page 416.

3. In case of joint Bids, the Bid cum Application Form should contain only the name of the first Bidder whose name should also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such first Bidder would be required in the Bid cum Application Form and such first Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. Our Company reserves the right to reject, in its absolute discretion, all or any multiple Bids, except as otherwise permitted, in any or all categories.

4. Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-In Date as indicated in the CAN. Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares. The Bids by FPIS with certain structures as described under "Issue Procedure - Bids by FPIS" on page 434 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately distributed.

The Bids by FPIS with certain structures as described under "Issue Procedure - Bids by FPIS" on page 242 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity