<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>156.</td><td>Capital paid up in advance not to earn dividend.</td><td>No amount paid or credited as paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of this articles as paid on the share.</td></tr><tr><td>157.</td><td>Dividends in proportion to amount paid-up.</td><td>All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividends as from a particular date such share shall rank for dividend accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>158.</td><td>Retention of dividends until completion of transfer under Articles.</td><td>The Board of Directors may retain the dividend payable upon shares in respect of which any person under Articles has become entitled to be a member, or any person under that Article is entitled to transfer, until such person becomes a member, in respect of such shares or shall duly transfer the same.</td></tr><tr><td>159.</td><td>No Member to receive dividend whilst indebted to the company and the Company's right of reimbursement thereof.</td><td>No member shall be entitled to receive payment of any interest or dividend or bonus in respect of his share or shares, whilst any money may be due or owing from him to the Company in respect of such share or shares (or otherwise however, either alone or jointly with any other person or persons) and the Board of Directors may deduct from the interest or dividend payable to any member all such sums of money so due from him to the Company.</td></tr><tr><td>160.</td><td>Effect of transfer of shares.</td><td>A transfer of shares does not pass the right to any dividend declared thereon before the registration of the transfer.</td></tr><tr><td>161.</td><td>Dividend to joint holders.</td><td>Any one of several persons who are registered as joint holders of any share may give effectual receipts for all dividends or bonus and payments on account of dividends in respect of such share.</td></tr><tr><td>162.</td><td>Dividends how remitted.</td><td>a) Any dividend, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of shares may be paid by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of that one of the joint holders who is first named on the register of members, or to such person and to such address as the holder or joint holders may in writing direct.<br/>b) Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent.</td></tr><tr><td>163.</td><td>Notice of dividend.</td><td>Notice of any dividend that may have been declared shall be given to the persons entitled to share therein in the manner mentioned in the Act.</td></tr><tr><td>164.</td><td>No interest on Dividends.</td><td>No unclaimed dividend shall be forfeited before the claim becomes barred by law and no unpaid dividend shall bear interest as against the Company.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">CAPITALIZATION</td></tr></tbody></table>

482