<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Director(s)"</td><td>The directors on our Board. For details see, "Our Management" on page 247.</td></tr><tr><td>"Equity Shares"</td><td>The equity shares of our Company of face value of ₹10 each, unless otherwise specified in the context thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>"Executive Director"</td><td>Executive director(s) on our Board. For further details of the Executive Director, see "Our Management" on page 247.</td></tr><tr><td>"Group Companies"</td><td>In terms of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the term 'group companies' includes companies with which there were related party transactions in accordance with Ind AS 24 as disclosed in the Restated Financial Statements as covered under the applicable accounting standards and such other companies as considered material by our Board in accordance with the Materiality Policy, and as identified in "Our Group Companies" on page 263.</td></tr><tr><td>"Independent Director(s)"</td><td>Independent directors on our Board, who are eligible to be appointed as independent directors under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations. For details of the Independent Directors, see "Our Management" on page 247.</td></tr><tr><td>"IPO Committee"</td><td>The IPO committee of our Board constituted to facilitate the process of the Issue, as described in "Our Management – Board Committees – IPO Committee" on page 257.</td></tr><tr><td>"Key Managerial Personnel" or "KMP"</td><td>Key managerial personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as disclosed in "Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management" on page 260.</td></tr><tr><td>"Materiality Policy"</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board pursuant to its resolution dated June, 3 2025 for identification of: (a) material outstanding litigations; and (b) material creditors, in accordance with the disclosure requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"MOA" or "Memorandum" or "Memorandum of Association" or "MoA"</td><td>The memorandum of association of our Company, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>"Nomination and Remuneration Committee"</td><td>The nomination and remuneration committee of our Board, as described in "Our Management – Board Committees" on page 254.</td></tr><tr><td>"Promoter(s)"</td><td>The Promoters of our Company, being Pramod Kumar Bhalotia, Abhishek Bhalotia, Beena Bhalotia and Mayank Marketing Private Limited. For further details, see "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on page 263.</td></tr><tr><td>"Promoter Group"</td><td>The persons and entities constituting the promoter group of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as disclosed in "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on page 263.</td></tr><tr><td>"Registered Office"</td><td>The registered office of our Company, situated at No.5, Ground Floor, Branson Garden Street, Kilpauk, Perambur Purasawalkam, Chennai – 600 010, Tamil Nadu, India.</td></tr><tr><td>"Registrar of Companies" or "RoC"</td><td>The Registrar of companies, Chennai situated at Tamilnadu.</td></tr><tr><td>"Restated Financial Statements" or "Restated Financial Information"</td><td>The restated financial statements of our Company, comprising the Restated Statement of Assets and Liabilities at March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023, the restated statements of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statement of changes in Equity, the Restated Cash Flow Statement for the years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023, and the Summary Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, and other explanatory information prepared in terms of the requirements of sub-Section (1) of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Act; the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time.</td></tr></tbody></table>