**58. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements.**

We may retain all our future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors that our Board of Directors deem relevant, including among others, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. For details of our dividend history, see "Dividend Policy" on page 270.

**59. Our Promoters, some of our Directors and some of our KMPs and SMPs are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses.**

Our Promoters, some of our Directors and some of our KMPs are interested in our Company to the extent of their respective shareholding in our Company as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonus, other distributions on such Equity Shares, etc. For details, see "Summary of Issue Document - Summary of Related Party Transaction" on page 32. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and KMPs will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Further, our Promoters, Directors and KMPs holding Equity Shares may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters, Directors and KMPs, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see "Our Management" and "Our Promoters and Promoter Group" on pages 247 and 263, respectively.

**60. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our Manufacturing Facility included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary.**

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by the chartered engineer Dr. Krishnamurthy, in his report dated July 3, 2025, in the calculation of our installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the different kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. See Business – Capacity and capacity utilization on page 219.

**61. We could be harmed by employee misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and any such incidences could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.**

Employee misconduct or errors could expose us to business risks or losses, including regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation and goodwill of our Company. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect or deter such misconduct. Moreover, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases. Our employees and agents may also commit errors that could subject us to claims and proceedings for alleged negligence, as well as regulatory actions on account of which our business, financial condition, results of operations and goodwill could be adversely affected. Although, we have not faced any such incidence in the past three Fiscals, we cannot assure that we would not face such incident in future.

**62. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters may be lower than the issue price of the Equity Shares offered through the present Issue.**

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares of our Promoters is as follows: