<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Income Tax Act"</td><td>Income-tax Act, 1961, read with the rules framed thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>"Income Tax Rules"</td><td>Income-tax Rules, 1962, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>"Ind AS"</td><td>The Indian Accounting Standards referred to in the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as amended.</td></tr><tr><td>"Indian GAAP"</td><td>Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India.</td></tr><tr><td>"INR" or "Rupee" or "₹" or "Rs."</td><td>In Rupee, the official currency of the Republic of India.</td></tr><tr><td>"Ind AS 24"</td><td>Indian Accounting Standard 24 issued by the ICAI.</td></tr><tr><td>"IPR"</td><td>Intellectual Property Rights</td></tr><tr><td>"IPO"</td><td>Initial public offering</td></tr><tr><td>"IRDAI"</td><td>Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India</td></tr><tr><td>"IRDAI Investment Regulation"</td><td>Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Investment) Regulations, 2016</td></tr><tr><td>"IQF"</td><td>Individual Quick Freezing.</td></tr><tr><td>"IRDAI"</td><td>Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India.</td></tr><tr><td>"ISO"</td><td>International Organization for Standardization.</td></tr><tr><td>"IST"</td><td>Indian Standard Time.</td></tr><tr><td>"IT"</td><td>Information Technology.</td></tr><tr><td>"KPIs"</td><td>Key Performance Indicators</td></tr><tr><td>"KYC"</td><td>Know Your Customer</td></tr><tr><td>"MCA"</td><td>The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India.</td></tr><tr><td>"Mn"</td><td>Million.</td></tr><tr><td>"MSME"</td><td>Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises</td></tr><tr><td>"Mutual Funds"</td><td>Mutual funds registered with the SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.</td></tr><tr><td>"N.A." or "NA"</td><td>Not Applicable.</td></tr><tr><td>"NACH"</td><td>National Automated Clearing House.</td></tr><tr><td>"NAV"</td><td>Net Asset Value.</td></tr><tr><td>"NEFT"</td><td>National Electronic Fund Transfer.</td></tr><tr><td>"NPCI"</td><td>National Payments Corporation of India.</td></tr><tr><td>"NRE accounts"</td><td>NRI Non-Resident External account.</td></tr><tr><td>"NRI" or "Non-resident Indian"</td><td>A person resident outside India, who is a citizen of India as defined under the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2016 or an "Overseas Citizen of India" cardholder within the meaning of Section 7(A) of the Citizenship Act, 1955.</td></tr><tr><td>"NRO accounts"</td><td>Non-Resident Ordinary accounts.</td></tr><tr><td>"NSDL"</td><td>National Securities Depository Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>"NSE"</td><td>National Stock Exchange of India Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>"OCB" or "Overseas Corporate Body"</td><td>A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to the extent of at least 60% by NRIs, including overseas trusts in which not less than 60% of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly as defined under the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>"P/E Ratio"</td><td>Price/Earnings Ratio.</td></tr><tr><td>"p.a."</td><td>Per annum.</td></tr><tr><td>"PAN"</td><td>Permanent account number.</td></tr><tr><td>"PAT"</td><td>Profit after tax.</td></tr><tr><td>"PCB(s)"</td><td>Pollution Control Board(s).</td></tr></tbody></table>