# SECTION I – GENERAL

## DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, Act, regulation, rules, guidelines or our Articles of Association, Memorandum of Association, policies shall be to such legislation, Act or regulation, as amended from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision.

The words and expressions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent applicable, the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SCRA, the Depositories Act or the rules and regulations made thereunder. Further, the Issue related terms used but not defined in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the General Information Document (as defined below). In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document, the definitions given below shall prevail.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms used in “Basis for Issue Price”, “Statement of Possible Special Tax Benefits”, “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Restated Financial Statement”, “Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments” and “Description of Equity Shares and Terms of Articles of Association” on pages 131, 141, 144, 203, 231, 271, 392 and 449 respectively, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in those respective sections.

### General Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>“Company” or “our Company” or “the Company” or “the Issuer” or “we” or “us” or “our” or “RKSMCL”</td><td>Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to R.K. Steel Manufacturing Company Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the provisions of Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at No.5, Ground Floor, Branson Garden Street, Kilpauk, Perambur Purasawalkam, Chennai – 600 010, Tamil Nadu, India.</td></tr><tr><td>“you”, “your” or “yours”</td><td>Prospective Investors/Bidder in this Issue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Company Related Terms

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>“Articles of Association” or “AoA”</td><td>Articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>“Audit Committee”</td><td>The audit committee of our Board, as described in “Our Management – Board Committees – Audit Committee” on page 254.</td></tr><tr><td>“Auditors” or “Statutory Auditors”</td><td>Statutory auditors of our Company, Mahesh C Solanki & Co., Chartered Accountants.</td></tr><tr><td>“Board or “Board of Directors” or “our Board”</td><td>The board of directors of our Company unless otherwise specified or any committee constituted thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>“Chairman and Managing Director” or “CMD” or “MD”</td><td>The chairman and managing director of our Company, Pramod Kumar Bhalotia.</td></tr><tr><td>“Chief Financial Officer” or “CFO”</td><td>The chief financial officer of our Company, Sanjay Bhalotia.</td></tr><tr><td>“Company Secretary and Compliance Officer”</td><td>The company Secretary and compliance officer of our Company, S N Satiya Priya</td></tr><tr><td>“Corporate Promoter”</td><td>Mayank Marketing Private Limited</td></tr><tr><td>“Corporate Social Responsibility Committee” or “CSR Committee”</td><td>Corporate Social Responsibility committee of our Board, as described in “Our Management – Board Committees – Corporate Social Responsibility Committee” on page 257.</td></tr></tbody></table>