<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>165.</td><td>Capitalization.</td><td>(1) The Company in General Meeting may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve:<br/>(a) that it is desirable to capitalize any part of the amount for the time being standing to the credit of any of the Company's reserve accounts, or to the credit of the Profit and Loss account, or otherwise available for distribution; and<br/>(b) that such sum be accordingly set free for distribution in the manner specified in clause (2) amongst the members who would have been entitled thereto, if distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions.<br/>(2) The sums aforesaid shall not be paid in cash but shall be applied subject to the provisions contained in clause (3) either in or towards:<br/>(i) paying up any amounts for the time being unpaid on any shares held by such members respectively;<br/>(ii) paying up in full, unissued shares of the Company to be allotted and distributed, credited as fully paid up, to and amongst such members in the proportions aforesaid; or<br/>(iii) partly in the way specified in sub-clause (i) and partly in that specified in sub-clause (ii).<br/>(3) A Securities Premium Account and Capital Redemption Reserve Account may, for the purposes of this regulation, only be applied in the paying up of unissued shares to be issued to members of the Company and fully paid bonus shares.<br/>(4) The Board shall give effect to the resolution passed by the Company in pursuance of this regulation.</td></tr><tr><td>166.</td><td>Fractional Certificates.</td><td>(1) Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been passed, the Board shall —<br/>(a) make all appropriations and applications of the undivided profits resolved to be capitalized thereby and all allotments and issues of fully paid shares, if any, and<br/>(b) generally to do all acts and things required to give effect thereto.<br/>(2) The Board shall have full power -<br/>(a) to make such provision, by the issue of fractional certificates or by payment in cash or otherwise as it thinks fit, in case of shares becoming distributable in fractions; and also<br/>(b) to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the members entitled thereto, into an agreement with the Company providing for the allotment to them respectively, credited as fully paid up, of any further shares to which they may be entitled upon such capitalization, or (as the case may require) for the payment by the Company on their behalf, by the application thereto of their respective proportions, of the profits resolved to be capitalized, of the amounts or any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares.<br/>(3) Any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such members.<br/>That for the purpose of giving effect to any resolution, under the preceding paragraph of this Article, the Directors may give such directions as may be necessary and settle any questions or difficulties that may arise in regard to any issue including distribution of new equity shares and fractional</td></tr></tbody></table>