<table><caption>(₹ in lakhs except for percentages)</caption><thead><tr><th>Our operations</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>As % of Revenue from Operations</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>As % of Revenue from Operations</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th><th>As % of Revenue from Operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Income from Manufacturing</td><td>1,03,762.19</td><td>90.40</td><td>1,00,325.21</td><td>98.15</td><td>84,744.25</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Income from Trading</td><td>11,017.14</td><td>9.60</td><td>1,890.79</td><td>1.85%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>1,14,779.33</strong></td><td><strong>100</strong></td><td><strong>1,02,216.00</strong></td><td><strong>100</strong></td><td><strong>84,744.25</strong></td><td><strong>100</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

*As certified by Statutory Auditors Mahesh C Solanki & Co., through certificate dated September 19, 2025.

We primarily serve the southern part of the domestic market and have also exported our products on small scale basis to two (2) countries during last three Fiscals. We exported our products on small scale basis to USA, and Peru. We derive majority of our revenue from the sale of our products in the southern states of India through traders' network. We generate significant revenue from operations from the state of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Telangana which amounts to ₹ 1,13,484.64 lakhs, ₹98,737.63 lakhs and ₹84,074.28 lakhs constituting 98.86 %, 96.59%, and 98.4% of total revenue from operations for Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenues from operations in India and our revenue from operations outside India, in absolute terms and as a percentage of total revenue from operations, for the periods indicated:

<table><caption>(₹ in lakhs except for percentages)</caption><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>% to the total revenue</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>% to the total revenue</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th><th>% to the total revenue</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Domestic Revenue</td><td>1,14,779.33</td><td>100.00%</td><td>1,02,172.73</td><td>99.96%</td><td>84,494.11</td><td>99.70%</td></tr><tr><td>Export Revenue</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>43.27</td><td>0.04%</td><td>250.14</td><td>0.30%</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total Revenue from Operations</strong></td><td><strong>1,14,779.33</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>102,216.00</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>84,744.25</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

*As certified by the Statutory Auditors, Mahesh C Solanki & Co through certificate dated September 19, 2025.

We believe that we have proved our capability by manufacturing and delivering over 7,51,307 MT of steel pipes and tubes between Fiscal 2020 to period ended March 31, 2025 at an overall level. With over 16 years of experience in steel pipes and tubes segment, we believe that we are one of the trusted vendors for our customers. During the Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, we catered to 471 customers, 476 customers, 424 customers respectively, out of which over 202 customers have been associated with us for over a period of 3 years, and such customers contributed ₹82,330.56 lakhs to our revenue from operations which amounted 71.73% of total revenue from operations of Fiscal 2025.

We commenced our operations in 2009 with the manufacturing of welded structural steel tubes and pipes at a facility in Chennai, Tamil Nadu ("Erstwhile Chennai Facility"). This facility was equipped with three tube mills and two slitting lines. As our operations expanded, we recognized the need to enhance our manufacturing capabilities to meet increasing demand, improve efficiency, and align with our long-term growth strategy. To facilitate this expansion, we strategically decided to establish a larger, more advanced manufacturing facility that would enable us to scale our operations and integrate modern production technologies under one roof. Accordingly, in the year 2016, we entered into a 99-year lease for a new manufacturing facility at Perundurai, Tamil Nadu, India and in 2018 commenced operation at the new manufacturing facility (Manufacturing Facility). With the successful establishment and operational stability of our Manufacturing Facility, we completely transitioned from our Erstwhile Chennai Facility to the new Manufacturing Facility. With improved infrastructure and larger production capabilities, we believe we are well-positioned to serve a broader market while maintaining the high standards of quality and reliability of our products.

As on date, we operate through our new integrated Manufacturing Facility admeasuring approximately 18.49 acre (including the open area), located at Plot NN5, SIPCOT Industrial Growth Centre, Ingur Village, Perundurai 638 052, Tamil Nadu. As on date, our Manufacturing Facility is equipped with nine (9) Tube Mills, four (4) Slitting Lines, two (2) Continuous Galvanizing Line ("CGL"), one (1) Tandem Cold Rolling Mill ("CRM"), one (1) Pickling Unit, and one (1) Hot Dip Galvanizing ("GI") Unit. We use a combination of mechanized and human