<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"Non-Institutional Portion"</td><td>NRIs). The portion of the Issue being not more than 15% of the Issue consisting of [●] Equity Shares, available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders, on a proportionate basis. The allocation to each Non-Institutional Investor shall not be less than ₹2,00,000 subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion, and the remaining Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, (a) one third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Investors shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹2,00,000 and up to ₹10,00,000; and (b) two third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Investors shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹10,00,000, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in clauses (a) or (b), may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Investors.</td></tr><tr><td>"Non-Resident"</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs.</td></tr><tr><td>"Non-Resident Indians" or "NRI(s)"</td><td>A non-resident Indian as defined under the FEMA NDI Rules.</td></tr><tr><td>"OCB" or "Overseas Corporate Body(ies)"</td><td>A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to the extent of at least 60% by NRIs, including overseas trusts in which not less than 60% of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly as defined under the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.</td></tr><tr><td>"Person(s)"</td><td>Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, Company, partnership firm, limited liability partnership firm, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires.</td></tr><tr><td>"Price Band"</td><td>Price band of a minimum price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (Floor Price) and the maximum price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (Cap Price) including any revisions thereof.<br/>The Price Band, and the minimum Bid Lot size for the Issue will be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, and will be advertised, at least 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, in [●], which shall be notified in all editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper, and all editions of [●] (a widely circulated Tamil national daily newspaper, Tamil being the regional language of Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, where our Registered Office is located) each with wide circulation and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their respective websites.</td></tr><tr><td>"Pricing Date"</td><td>The date on which our Company in consultation with the BRLM, will finalize the Issue Price.</td></tr><tr><td>"Prospectus"</td><td>Prospectus dated [●] to be filed with the RoC for this Issue on or after the Pricing Date in accordance with Sections 26 and 32 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue Price that is determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of the Issue and certain other information, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.</td></tr><tr><td>"Public Issue Account"</td><td>Bank account opened with the Public Issue Account Bank under Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, to receive monies from the Escrow</td></tr></tbody></table>

11