<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>In case of any revisions, the extended Bid/Issue Closing Date will be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the website of the Book Running Lead Manager and at the terminals of the other members of the Syndicate and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, may consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid/Issue Opening Date"</td><td>Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids, being [●] which shall be notified in [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper, [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated Tamil national daily newspaper, Tamil being the regional language of Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, where our Registered Office is located).</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>In case of any revision, the extended Bid/Issue Opening Date will also be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the website of the Book Running Lead Manager and at the terminals of the other members of the Syndicate and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank(s).</td></tr><tr><td>"Bid/Issue Period"</td><td>Except in relation to the Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/Issue Opening Date and the Bid/Issue Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, provided that such period shall be kept open for a minimum of 3 (three) Working Days.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bidder" or "Investor" or "Applicant"</td><td>Any prospective investor who made a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form and unless otherwise stated or implied and includes an Anchor Investor.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bidding Centers"</td><td>Centers at which the Designated Intermediaries accepted the Bid cum Application Forms, being the Designated SCSB Branch for SCSBs, Specified Locations for the Syndicate, Broker Centers for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for CRTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.</td></tr><tr><td>"Book Building Process"</td><td>The book building process as described in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the issue is being made.</td></tr><tr><td>"Book Running Lead Manager" or "BRLM"</td><td>The book running lead manager to the Issue, being GYR Capital Advisors Private Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>"Broker Centers"</td><td>Broker centers of the Registered Brokers, where Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) submitted the ASBA Forms. The details of such Broker centers, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the website of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com.</td></tr><tr><td>"CAN" or "Confirmation of Allocation Note"</td><td>Notice or intimation of allocation of the Equity Shares sent to Anchor Investors, who have been allocated the Equity Shares, after the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period.</td></tr><tr><td>"Cap Price"</td><td>The higher end of the Price Band, above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids will be accepted, including any revisions thereof. The Cap Price shall be at least</td></tr></tbody></table>

7