<table><thead><tr><td>Article No.</td><td>Articles</td><td>Particulars</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>To appoint trustees for the Company.</td><td>(9) To appoint any person to accept and hold in trust, for the Company property belonging to the Company, or in which it is interested or for any other purposes and to execute and to do all such deeds and things as may be required in relation to any such trust, and to provide for the remuneration of such trustee or trustees.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To conduct legal proceedings.</td><td>(10) To institute, conduct, defend, compound or abandon any legal proceeding by or against the Company or its Officer, or otherwise concerning the affairs and also to compound and allow time for payment or satisfaction of any debts, due, and of any claims or demands by or against the Company and to refer any difference to arbitration, either according to Indian or Foreign law and either in India or abroad and observe and perform or challenge any award thereon.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bankruptcy &amp;Insolvency</td><td>(11) To act on behalf of the Company in all matters relating to bankruptcy insolvency.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To issue receipts &amp; give discharge.</td><td>(12) To make and give receipts, release and give discharge for moneys payable to the Company and for the claims and demands of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To invest and deal with money of the Company.</td><td>(13) Subject to the provisions of the Act, and these Articles to invest and deal with any moneys of the Company not immediately required for the purpose thereof, upon such authority (not being the shares of this Company) or without security and in such manner as they may think fit and from time to time to vary or realise such investments. Save as provided in Section 187 of the Act, all investments shall be made and held in the Company's own name.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To give Security by way of indemnity.</td><td>(14) To execute in the name and on behalf of the Company in favour of any Director or other person who may incur or be about to incur any personal liability whether as principal or as surety, for the benefit of the Company, such mortgage of the Company's property (present or future) as they think fit, and any such mortgage may contain a power of sale and other powers, provisions, covenants and agreements as shall be agreed upon;</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>To determine signing powers.</td><td>(15) To determine from time to time persons who shall be entitled to sign on Company's behalf, bills, notes, receipts, acceptances, endorsements, cheques, dividend warrants, releases, contracts and documents and to give the necessary authority for such purpose, whether by way of a resolution of the Board or by way of a power of attorney or otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Commission or share in profits.</td><td>(16) To give to any Director, Officer, or other persons employed by the Company, a commission on the profits of any particular business or transaction, or a share in the general profits of the company; and such commission or share of profits shall be treated as part of the working expenses of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bonus etc. to employees.</td><td>(17) To give, award or allow any bonus, pension, gratuity or compensation to any employee of the Company, or his widow, children, dependents, that may appear just or proper, whether such employee, his widow, children or dependents have or have not a legal claim on the Company</td></tr></tbody></table>

475