Our Restated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Ind AS Rules and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on "Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)" issued by the ICAI.

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Ind AS and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited.

**73. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations.**

The regulatory and policy environment in India is evolving and subject to change. Such changes in applicable law and policy in India, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, performance and prospects in India, to the extent that we are not able to suitably respond to and comply with such changes.

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.

**74. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.**

Under the Companies Act, 2013, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of our Equity Shares voting on such resolution.

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted

**75. Investors may not be able to enforce judgments obtained in foreign courts against us.**

We are a public limited company under the laws of India. All of our directors and officers are Indian nationals and all or a significant portion of the assets of all of the directors and officers and a substantial