<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>33.</td><td>Commission</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 40 (6) of the Act, the Company may at any time pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing, to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any shares or debentures in the Company, or procuring, or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any shares or debentures in the Company but so that the commission shall not exceed the maximum rates laid down by the Act and the rules made in that regard. Such commission may be satisfied by payment of cash or by allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in one way and partly in the other.</td></tr><tr><td>34.</td><td>Brokerage</td><td>The Company may pay on any issue of shares and debentures such brokerage as may be reasonable and lawful.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">CALLS</td></tr><tr><td>35.</td><td>Directors may make calls</td><td>(1) The Board may, from time to time, subject to the terms on which any shares may have been issued and subject to the conditions of allotment, by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Board and not by a circular resolution, make such calls as it thinks fit, upon the Members in respect of all the moneys unpaid on the shares held by them respectively and each Member shall pay the amount of every call so made on him to the persons and at the time and places appointed by the Board.<br>(2) A call may be revoked or postponed at the discretion of the Board.<br>(3) A call may be made payable by installments.</td></tr><tr><td>36.</td><td>Notice of Calls</td><td>Fifteen days' notice in writing of any call shall be given by the Company specifying the time and place of payment, and the person or persons to whom such call shall be paid.</td></tr><tr><td>37.</td><td>Calls to date from resolution.</td><td>A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board of Directors authorising such call was passed and may be made payable by the members whose names appear on the Register of Members on such date or at the discretion of the Directors on such subsequent date as may be fixed by Directors.</td></tr><tr><td>38.</td><td>Calls on uniform basis.</td><td>Whenever any calls for further share capital are made on shares, such calls shall be made on uniform basis on all shares falling under the same class. For the purposes of this Article shares of the same nominal value of which different amounts have been paid up shall not be deemed to fall under the same class.</td></tr><tr><td>39.</td><td>Directors may extend time.</td><td>The Board may, from time to time, at its discretion, extend the time fixed for the payment of any call and may extend such time as to all or any of the members who on account of the residence at a distance or other cause, which the Board may deem fairly entitled to such extension, but no member shall be entitled to such extension save as a matter of grace and favour.</td></tr><tr><td>40.</td><td>Calls to carry interest.</td><td>If any Member fails to pay any call due from him on the day appointed for payment thereof, or any such extension thereof as aforesaid, he shall be liable to pay interest on the same from the day appointed for the payment thereof to the time of actual payment at such rate as shall from time to time be fixed by the Board not exceeding 21% per annum but nothing in this Article shall render it obligatory for the Board to demand or recover any interest from any such member.</td></tr></tbody></table>