<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>time appoint any Managing Director or Managing Directors or Whole-time Director or Whole-time Directors of the Company and may exercise all the powers referred to in these Articles.<br/>(4) The Managing Director shall be entitled to sub-delegate (with the sanction of the Directors where necessary) all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions for the time being vested in him in particular from time to time by the appointment of any attorney or attorneys for the management and transaction of the affairs of the Company in any specified locality in such manner as they may think fit.<br/>(5) Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles, the Managing Director is expressly allowed generally to work for and contract with the Company and especially to do the work of Managing Director and also to do any work for the Company upon such terms and conditions and for such remuneration (subject to the provisions of the Act) as may from time to time be agreed between him and the Directors of the Company.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MANAGER, COMPANY SECRETARY OR CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">148.</td><td rowspan="3">Board to appoint Chief Executive Officer/ Manager/ Company Secretary/ Chief Financial Officer</td><td>a) Subject to the provisions of the Act,—</td></tr><tr><td>i. A chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer may be appointed by the Board for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions as it may thinks fit; and any chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer so appointed may be removed by means of a resolution of the Board;</td></tr><tr><td>ii. A director may be appointed as chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer.</td></tr><tr><td>b) A provision of the Act or these regulations requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or to a director and chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person acting both as director and as, or in place of, chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer.</td></tr></table>

## THE SEAL

<table><tr><td>149.</td><td>The seal, its custody and use.</td><td>(a) The Board shall provide a Common Seal for the purposes of the Company, and shall have power from time to time to destroy the same and substitute a new Seal in lieu thereof, and the Board shall provide for the safe custody of the Seal for the time being, and the Seal shall never be used except by the authority of the Board or a Committee of the Board previously given.<br/>(b) The Company shall also be at liberty to have an Official Seal in accordance with the Act, for use in any territory, district or place outside India.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>150.</td><td>Deeds how executed.</td><td>The seal of the company shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Board or of a</td></tr></table>