<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>84.</td><td>Joint and several liabilities for all payments in respect of shares.<br/>Title of survivors.</td><td>(a) The Joint holders of any share shall be liable severally as well as jointly for and in respect of all calls and other payments which ought to be made in respect of such share.<br/>(b) on the death of any such joint holders the survivor or survivors shall be the only person recognized by the Company as having any title to the share but the Board may require such evidence of death as it may deem fit and nothing herein contained shall be taken to release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability of shares held by them jointly with any other person;<br/>Receipts of one sufficient.</td><td>(c) Any one of two or more joint holders of a share may give effectual receipts of any dividends or other moneys payable in respect of share; and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Delivery of certificate and giving of notices to first named holders.</td><td>(d) only the person whose name stands first in the Register of Members as one of the joint holders of any share shall be entitled to delivery of the certificate relating to such share or to receive documents from the Company and any such document served on or sent to such person shall deemed to be service on all the holders.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>SHARE WARRANTS</strong></td></tr><tr><td>85.</td><td>Power to issue share warrants</td><td>The Company may issue warrants subject to and in accordance with provisions of the Act and accordingly the Board may in its discretion with respect to any Share which is fully paid upon application in writing signed by the persons registered as holder of the Share, and authenticated by such evidence(if any) as the Board may, from time to time, require as to the identity of the persons signing the application and on receiving the certificate (if any) of the Share, and the amount of the stamp duty on the warrant and such fee as the Board may, from time to time, require, issue a share warrant.</td></tr><tr><td>86.</td><td>Deposit of share warrants</td><td>(a) The bearer of a share warrant may at any time deposit the warrant at the Office of the Company, and so long as the warrant remains so deposited, the depositor shall have the same right of signing a requisition for call in a meeting of the Company, and of attending and voting and exercising the other privileges of a Member at any meeting held after the expiry of two clear days from the time of deposit, as if his name were inserted in the Register of Members as the holder of the Share included in the deposit warrant.<br/>(b) Not more than one person shall be recognized as depositor of the Share warrant.<br/>(c) The Company shall, on two day's written notice, return the deposited share warrant to the depositor.</td></tr><tr><td>87.</td><td>Privileges and disabilities of the holders of share warrant</td><td>(a) Subject as herein otherwise expressly provided, no person, being a bearer of a share warrant, shall sign a requisition for calling a meeting of the Company or attend or vote or exercise any other privileges of a Member at a meeting of the Company, or be entitled to receive any notice from the Company.<br/>(b) The bearer of a share warrant shall be entitled in all other respects to the same privileges and advantages as if he were named in the Register of Members as the holder of the Share included in the warrant, and he shall be a Member of the Company.</td></tr></tbody></table>

465