systems will always function as intended or be immune from cyber risks.

Any prolonged failure, security breach, or misuse of our IT systems could adversely affect our operational efficiency, reputation, business continuity, financial condition, and results of operations.

44. Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees as security for certain facilities availed by our Company. If these guarantees are revoked, we may be unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition

Our Promoters, Pramod Bhalotia, Beena Bhalotia and Abhishek Bhalotia have provided personal guarantees for certain borrowings, which amounted to Rs.6893.73 lakhs as on March 31, 2025.

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr no.</td><td>Gurantee Given by</td><td>Entity in whose favour the guarantee has been provided</td><td>Guarantee Amount as of March 31, 2025 (in ₹ lakhs)</td><td>Reason for Guarantee</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Pramod Bhalotia Bhalotia and Abhishek</td><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>6,893.73</td><td>Secondary Security</td></tr></tbody></table>

If any of these guarantees are revoked, our lenders may require alternative guarantees or cancel such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, results of operations, profitability and margins, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group in connection with our Company's borrowings.

45. If we are unable to establish and maintain effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances.

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares.

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there