due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, competition and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. For instance, the prices were affected by the geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine. Therefore, we cannot assure that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials in the future, as and when we need them on commercially acceptable terms.

Moreover, any adverse change in policies, in terms of tariff and non-tariff barriers, import restrictions on trade, and export bans by governments worldwide, may hamper the growth of the steel industry, causing disruptions in trade globally and which may negatively impact our profitability.

We have to comply with rigid environmental regulations. We cannot assure you that in future our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

**53. Our operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased compensation demands by our employees.**

We are dependent on our workforce for carrying out our operations. Any Shortage of skilled/unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We have not experienced any disruptions in our business operations due to disputes or other problems with our workforce during the past three Fiscals; however, there can be no assurance that we will not experience such disruptions in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management's attention and result in increased costs.

India has stringent labor legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. Although our employees are not currently unionized, there can be no assurance that they will not unionize in the future. If our employees unionize, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labor policies, and we may face the threat of labor unrest, work stoppages and diversion of our management's attention due to union intervention, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

**54. Conflict of Interest may arise out of common business objects shared by our company and members of our Promoter Group**

Certain members of our Promoter Group are engaged in businesses that are similar to, or have interests in, entities that may compete with, our business. Consequently, potential conflicts of interest could arise in relation to the allocation of business opportunities, strategic decisions, and other matters where our interests may diverge from those of our Promoter Group. There can be no assurance that such members of our Promoter Group will not directly or indirectly compete with our existing operations or any future business initiatives that we may undertake, or that their interests will always align with ours.

Further, we have not entered into any non-compete or non-solicitation arrangements with our Promoter Group entities. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such entities will not undertake comparable activities, expand their presence in our markets, solicit our employees, or invest in businesses that operate in the same segments or geographies as us. Such circumstances may result in conflicts of interest between our Company and our Promoter Group, which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.

**55. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders' approval.**

We intend to use Net Proceeds from the Issue towards (a) Funding Working capital requirement; (b) Full