<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Bank</th><th>Loan Details</th><th>Outstanding Balance as on August 18, 2025</th><th>Sanction Amount</th><th>Tenor in months</th><th>Interest</th><th>Details of security</th><th>Prepayment</th><th>Restrictive Covenants</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2</td><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>113.07</td><td>563.50</td><td>60 Months</td><td>7.65% Linked to 1 year MCLR</td><td>accessories and other movables, both present and future. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod Bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td><td>Nil for Working capital Facilities, 2% on the Outstanding amount for Term loan</td><td>Debt service coverage ratio should be greater than 1.5 times</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>619.15</td><td>2,500.00</td><td>60 Months</td><td>9.50% linked to 3 months T. Bill</td><td>Charge by way of hypothecation over all securities created over the hypothecated assets and/or immovable properties and/or guarantees furnished for securing the amounts due under the existing facilities. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod Bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td><td>Nil for Working capital Facilities, 2% on the following parameters</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>937.50</td><td></td><td>60 Months</td><td>9.50% linked to 3 months T. Bill</td><td>Exclusive charge by way of equitable mortgage of the security providers being All that piece and parcel of the land admeasuring 2 Grounds and 1450 Sq.ft., comprised in R.S.No.87/62, previous R.S. No. 87/1 part, O.S. No. 4 part, situate at Egmore Village together with the superstructure bearing Door No. 73 (Old No.30), New Avadi Road, Kilpauk, Chennai - 600 010. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod Bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia</td><td>Nil for Working capital Facilities, 2% on the following parameters</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

339