<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>130.</td><td>Directors power to fill casual vacancies.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint a Director, if the office of any director appointed by the company in general meeting is vacated before his term of office expires in the normal course, who shall hold office only upto the date upto which the Director in whose place he is appointed would have held office if it had not been vacated by him.</td></tr><tr><td>131.</td><td>Sitting Fees.</td><td>Until otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting, each Director other than the Managing/Whole-time Director (unless otherwise specifically provided for) shall be entitled to sitting fees not exceeding a sum prescribed in the Act (as may be amended from time to time) for attending meetings of the Board or Committees thereof.</td></tr><tr><td>132.</td><td>Travelling expenses Incurred by Director on Company's business.</td><td>The Board of Directors may subject to the limitations provided in the Act allow and pay to any Director who attends a meeting at a place other than his usual place of residence for the purpose of attending a meeting, such sum as the Board may consider fair, compensation for travelling, hotel and other incidental expenses properly incurred by him, in addition to his fee for attending such meeting as above specified.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color: #f5a65b; text-align: center; font-weight: bold;">PROCEEDING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS</td></tr><tr><td>133.</td><td>Meetings of Directors.</td><td>(a) The Board of Directors may meet for the conduct of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate its meetings as it thinks fit.<br>(b) A director may, and the manager or secretary on the requisition of a director shall, at any time, summon a meeting of the Board.</td></tr><tr><td>134.</td><td>Chairman and Vice Chairman</td><td>a) The Directors may from time to time elect from among their members a Chairperson of the Board as well as a Vice Chairman of the Board and determine the period for which he is to hold office. If at any meeting of the Board, the Chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, to the Vice Chairman shall preside at the meeting and in the absence of the Vice Chairman as well, the Directors present may choose one of the Directors among themselves to preside the meeting.<br>b) Subject to Section 203 of the Act and rules made there under, one person can act as the Chairman as well as the Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer at the same time.</td></tr><tr><td>135.</td><td>Questions at Board meeting how decided.</td><td>Questions arising at any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be decided by a majority of votes and in the case of an equality of votes, the Chairman or the Vice Chairman, as the case may be will have a second or casting vote.</td></tr><tr><td>136.</td><td>Continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board</td><td>The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board; but, if and so long as their number is reduced below the quorum fixed by the Act for a meeting of the Board, the continuing directors or director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of directors to that fixed for the quorum, or of summoning a general meeting of the company, but for no other purpose.</td></tr><tr><td>137.</td><td>Directors may appoint committee.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board may delegate any of their powers to a Committee consisting of such member or members of its body as it thinks fit, and it may from time to time revoke and discharge any such committee either wholly or in part and either as to person, or purposes, but every Committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may from time to time be imposed on it by the</td></tr></tbody></table>

472