or part repayment and/or prepayment of certain outstanding secured borrowings availed by our Company; and (c) general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Issue, see "*Objects of the Issue*" on page 119. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders' approval by way of a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders' approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders' approval may adversely affect our business or operations.

Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Issue or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI.

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company's ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

**56. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue jointly to retain majority control over our Company after the Issue, which will allow them to determine the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval.**

After completion of the Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group will collectively own a majority of the Equity Shares of our Company i.e. 97.84% of the total shareholding of our Company. As a result, our Promoters together with the members of the Promoter Group will be able to exercise a significant degree of influence over us and will be able to control the outcome of any proposal that can be approved by a majority shareholder vote, including, the election of members to our Board, in accordance with the Companies Act and our AoA. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our Company.

In addition, our Promoters will continue to have the ability to cause us to take actions that are not in, or may conflict with, our interests or the interests of some or all of our creditors or minority shareholders, and we cannot assure you that such actions will not have an adverse effect on our future financial performance or the price of our Equity Shares.

**57. Our future funds requirements, in the form of issue of capital or securities and/or loans taken by us, may be prejudicial to the interest of the shareholders depending upon the terms on which they are eventually raised.**

We may require additional capital from time to time depending on our business needs. Any issue of shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing shareholders and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favourable to the then existing shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt, then it may substantially increase our interest burden and decrease our cash flows, thus prejudicially affecting our profitability and ability to pay dividends to our shareholders.