# KEY REGULATIONS AND POLICIES IN INDIA

In carrying on our business as described in the section titled "**Our Business**" on page 231, our Company is regulated by the following legislations in India. The following description is a summary of the relevant regulations and policies as prescribed by the Government of India and other regulatory bodies that are applicable to our business. The information detailed in this chapter has been obtained from the various legislations, including rules and regulations promulgated by the regulatory bodies and the bye laws of the local authorities that are available in the public domain. The regulations and policies set out below may not be exhaustive and are only intended to provide general information to the investors and are neither designed nor intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. For details of Government Approvals obtained by the Company in compliance with these regulations, see "**Government and Other Statutory Approvals**" on page 398.

Our business is governed by various central and state legislations that regulate the substantive and procedural aspects of our Company's businesses. Our Company is required to obtain and regularly renew certain licenses/ registrations and/or permissions required statutorily under the provisions of various Central and State Government regulations, rules, bye-laws, acts and policies.

Given below is a brief description of the certain relevant legislations that are currently applicable to the business carried on by our Company:

## A. Industry Related Laws

### The Factories Act of 1948 ("Factories Act")

The Factories Act seeks to regulate labour employed in factories and makes provisions for the safety, health and welfare of the workers. An occupier of a factory under the Factories Act, means the person who has ultimate control over the affairs of the factory. The occupier or manager of the factory is required to obtain a registration for the factory. The Factories Act also requires inter alia the maintenance of various registers dealing with safety, labour standards, holidays and extent of child labour including their conditions. Further, notice of accident or dangerous occurrence in the factory is to be provided to the inspector by the manager of the factory. The Factories Act requires that the occupier of a factory, i.e., the person who has ultimate control over the affairs of the factory and in the case of a company, any one of the directors, must ensure the health, safety and welfare of all workers especially in respect of safety and proper maintenance of the factory, such that it does not pose health risks, the safe use, handling, storage and transport of factory articles and substances, provision of adequate instruction, training and supervision to ensure workers' health and safety, cleanliness and safe working conditions. The Factories Act also provides for fines to be paid and imprisonment of the manager of the factory in case of any contravention of the provisions of the Factories Act.

### The Legal Metrology Act, 2009 (the "Legal Metrology Act") and The Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011 (the "Legal Metrology Rules")

The Legal Metrology Act, along with the Legal Metrology Rules, establishes and enforces standards of weights and measures, regulates trade and commerce in weights, measures and other goods which are sold or distributed by weight, measure or numbers. Any transaction relating to goods or a class of goods shall be as per the weight, measurements or numbers prescribed by the Legal Metrology Act. The Legal Metrology Act prohibits the manufacture, packing, selling, importing, distributing, delivering, offer for sale of any pre-packaged commodity if such does not adhere to the standard regulations set out. The Legal Metrology Rules are ancillary to the Legal Metrology Act and set out to define various manufacturing and packing terminology. It lays out specific prohibitions where manufacturing, packing, selling, importing, distributing, delivering, offering for sale would be illegal and requires that any form of advertisement where the retail sale price is given must contain a net quantity declaration. Circumstances which are punishable are also laid out in the Legal Metrology Rules.

### National Steel Policy, 2017 ("NSP")

The NSP 2017, notified on May 8, 2017, seeks to enhance domestic steel consumption, ensure high