R.K. STEEL MANUFACTURING COMPANY LIMITED

CIN: U24106TN2006PLC059519

Annexure VI - Notes to Restated Ind AS Summary Statements

(All amounts in Rs. lakhs, except as otherwise stated)

56 Details of Secured Term Loan

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th rowspan="2"></th><th colspan="3">Amount outstanding</th><th rowspan="2">Rate of Interest</th><th rowspan="2">Redemption terms</th><th rowspan="2">Total Instalment</th><th colspan="4">Outstanding Instalment</th><th rowspan="2">Sanction Amount</th><th rowspan="2">Security</th></tr><tr><th>31-Mar-25</th><th>31-Mar-24</th><th>31-Mar-23</th><th>31-Mar-25</th><th>31-Mar-24</th><th>31-Mar-23</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="14">(i) Term loan from banks</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>353.32</td><td>554.88</td><td>750.00</td><td>7.65% Linked to 1 year MCLR</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued and Quarterly repayment of principal Rs 50,00,000. (Starting from 29/12/2021 till 23/12/2026)</td><td>20</td><td>9</td><td>11</td><td>15</td><td>1,000.00</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs.1000 lakhs. Exclusive charge by hypothecation of all the stock in trade both present and future consisting of raw materials, finished goods, goods in process of manufacturing and any other goods, movable assets or merchandise. Exclusive charge by hypothecation of all the book debts, amounts outstanding, monies receivable, claims and bills. Exclusive charge by hypothecation of all the plant and machinery both present and future consisting of plant and machinery, being movable properties. Exclusive charge by the sum of Rs.3,00,00,000/- deposited by the security provider with the Bank at its Branch at Namakkal. Exclusive charge by hypothecation of the whole of the security providers moveable properties, including its movable plant and machinery, machinery spares, tools and accessories and other movables, both present and future. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>149.17</td><td>254.36</td><td>356.60</td><td>7.65% Linked to 1 year MCLR</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued and monthly repayment of principal Rs 8,69,758. (Starting from 29/12/2021 till 29/08/2026)</td><td>56</td><td>23</td><td>29</td><td>41</td><td>487.07</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs. 487.07 lakhs. Second charge by way of hypothecation over all securities created over the hypothecated assets and/or immovable properties and/or guarantees furnished for securing the amounts due under the existing facilities. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan</td><td>-</td><td>117.08</td><td>314.88</td><td>7.65% Linked to 1 year MCLR</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued and monthly repayment of principal Rs 16,57,268. (Starting from 29/12/2021 till 30/10/2024)</td><td>34</td><td>-</td><td>7</td><td>19</td><td>563.47</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs.563.47 lakhs. Exclusive charge by hypothecation of all the stock in trade both present and future consisting of raw materials, finished goods, goods in process of manufacturing and any other goods, movable assets or merchandise, all the book debts, amounts outstanding, monies receivable, claims and bills. Exclusive charge by hypothecation of the whole of the company's moveable properties, including its movable plant and machinery, machinery spares, tools and accessories and other movables, both present and future. Exclusive charge by the sum of Rs.3,00,00,000/- deposited with the Bank at its Branch at Namakkal. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan ( Solar )</td><td>707.67</td><td>957.74</td><td>990.64</td><td>9.50% linked to 3 months T. Bill</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued and monthly repayment of principal Rs 20,63,831 from end of first year of loan. (Starting from 31/3/2023 till 31/3/2028)</td><td>48</td><td>40</td><td>46</td><td>48</td><td>990.64</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs. 990.64 lakhs. Exclusive charge by way of equitable mortgage of the security providers being All that piece and parcel of the land admeasuring 2 Grounds and 1450 Sq. Ft., comprised in R.S.No.87/62, previous R.S. No. 87/1 part, O.S. No. 4 part, situate at Egmore Village together with the superstructure bearing Door No. 73 (Old No.30), New Avadi Road, Kilpauk, Chennai - 600 010.4) Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan ( Solar)</td><td>1,071.53</td><td>1,450.23</td><td>1,500.00</td><td>9.50% linked to 3 months T. Bill</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued and monthly repayment of principal Rs 31,25,000 from end of first year of loan. (Starting from 02/03/2023 till 31/01/2028)</td><td>48</td><td>40</td><td>46</td><td>48</td><td>1,500.00</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs. 1500 lakhs. Exclusive charge by way of equitable mortgage of the security providers being All that piece and parcel of the land admeasuring 2 Grounds and 1450 Sq.ft., comprised in R.S.No.87/62, previous R.S. No. 87/1 part, O.S. No. 4 part, situate at Egmore Village together with the superstructure bearing Door No. 73 (Old No.30), New Avadi Road, Kilpauk, Chennai - 600 010. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan ( For capex - sanctioned 15 cr)</td><td>393.45</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>9.50% linked to 3 months T. Bill</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued on 1st of each month and monthly repayment of principal Rs 3,87,642 on 20th of each month. (Starting from 20/05/2024 till 18/11/2028).</td><td>54</td><td>50</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>479.33</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs. 479.33 lakhs. Extension of charge on FD of Rs.18 Mn held as a security for other exposures, Movable assets of the company, stocks and books debts, Personal guarantee of Mr. Pramod Bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia & Mrs. Beena Bhalotia, Immovable fixed asset of Residential property in Kilpauk and Purasaiwakkam owned by the Mrs. Beena Bhalotia and Mrs Pramod Bhalotia, Industrial Land in Tondiarpet, Agricultural land in Thiruvalur owned by Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr><tr><td>HDFC Bank</td><td>Term Loan ( Gust House)</td><td>754.58</td><td>939.75</td><td>-</td><td>8.60% linked to 3 months T. Bill</td><td>Monthly payment of interest accrued on 1st of each month and monthly repayment of principal Rs 15,61,166.66 on 18th of each month. (Starting from 18/03/2024 till 18/03/2029).</td><td>60</td><td>54</td><td>60</td><td>-</td><td>936.70</td><td>The sanctioned loan amount is Rs. 936.70 lakhs. Extension of charge on FD of Rs.180 Mn held as a security for other exposures, Movable assets of the company, stocks and books debts, Personal guarantee of Mr. Pramod Bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia & Mrs. Beena Bhalotia, Immovable fixed asset of Commercial property located at New no :73, Old no :30, New Avadi Road, Kilpauk, Chennai - 600010 admeasuring 2 grounds and 1450 Sq.ft valued at Rs. 180.00 Mn proposed to be purchased by RK Steel Manufacturing Company pvt Ltd. Personal Guarantee of Mr. Pramod bhalotia, Mr. Abhishek Bhalotia, Ms. Beena Bhalotia</td></tr></tbody></table>

330