Conventional and General Terms / Abbreviations

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>"₹" or "Rs." Or "Rupees" or "INR"</td><td>Indian Rupees.</td></tr><tr><td>"AAEC"</td><td>Appreciable Adverse Effect on Competition.</td></tr><tr><td>"A.Y." or "AY"</td><td>Assessment Year.</td></tr><tr><td>"A/C"</td><td>Account.</td></tr><tr><td>"AGM"</td><td>Annual general meeting.</td></tr><tr><td>"AIF(s)"</td><td>An alternative investment fund as defined in, and registered with SEBI under, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012.</td></tr><tr><td>"AS" or "Accounting Standard"</td><td>Accounting Standards as issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.</td></tr><tr><td>"Associate"</td><td>A person who is an associate of the issuer and as defined under the Companies Act, 2013.</td></tr><tr><td>"Authorized Dealers"</td><td>Authorized Dealers registered with RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management (Foreign Currency Accounts) Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>"Bn" or "bn"</td><td>Billion.</td></tr><tr><td>"BSE"</td><td>BSE Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>"CAGR"</td><td>Compound Annual Growth Rate.</td></tr><tr><td>"Category I FPI"</td><td>FPIs registered as "Category I foreign portfolio investors" under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019.</td></tr><tr><td>"Category II FPI"</td><td>FPIs registered as "Category II foreign portfolio investors" under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019.</td></tr><tr><td>"CCI"</td><td>Competition Commission of India.</td></tr><tr><td>"CDSL"</td><td>Central Depository Services (India) Limited.</td></tr><tr><td>"CIN"</td><td>Corporate Identity Number.</td></tr><tr><td>"CMP"</td><td>Current Market Price</td></tr><tr><td>"Companies Act, 1956"</td><td>The erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 along with the relevant rules made thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>"Companies Act, 2013" or "Companies Act"</td><td>Companies Act 2013, as amended read with rules, regulations, clarifications and modifications thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>"Competition Act"</td><td>Competition Act, 2002, as amended and the rules and regulations made thereunder.</td></tr><tr><td>"COVID-19"</td><td>A public health emergency of international concern as declared by the World Health Organization on January 30, 2020 and a pandemic on March 11, 2020.</td></tr><tr><td>"Consolidated FDI Policy"</td><td>The extant consolidated FDI Policy, effective from October 15, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, and any modifications thereto or substitutions thereof, issued from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>"Control"</td><td>Control as defined under the Takeover Regulations, and the term "Controlled" shall be construed accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td>"Copyright Act"</td><td>Copyright Act, 1957.</td></tr><tr><td>"CPC"</td><td>Code of Civil Procedure, 1908</td></tr><tr><td>"CrPC"</td><td>Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973.</td></tr><tr><td>"CSR"</td><td>Corporate Social Responsibility.</td></tr><tr><td>"CY"</td><td>Calendar year.</td></tr><tr><td>"Debt to Equity Ratio"</td><td>Debt equity ratio is calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity.</td></tr></tbody></table>