# SECTION VIII – DESCRIPTION OF EQUITY SHARES AND TERMS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Pursuant to the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Description of Equity Shares and Terms of the Articles of Association are detailed below. Capitalised terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in the Articles of Association. Each provision below is numbered as per the corresponding article number in the Articles of Association and defined terms herein have the meaning given to them in the Articles of Association.

The following regulations comprised in these Articles of Association were adopted pursuant to members' resolution passed at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on, January 19, 2024 in substitution for and to the entire exclusion of, the regulations contained in the existing Articles of Association of the Company.

## UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
*THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF R.K. STEEL MANUFACTURING COMPANY LIMITED (THE "COMPANY")
A COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

<table><thead><tr><th>Article No.</th><th>Articles</th><th>Particulars</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Table F Applicable.</td><td>No regulation contained in Table "F" in the First Schedule to Companies Act, 2013 shall apply to this Company but the regulations for the Management of the Company and for the observance of the Members thereof and their representatives shall be as set out in the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and subject to any exercise of the statutory powers of the Company with reference to the repeal or alteration of or addition to its regulations by Special Resolution as prescribed by the said Companies Act, 2013 be such as are contained in these Articles unless the same are repugnant or contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any amendment thereto.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>CAPITAL</strong></td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Authorized Capital.</td><td>The Authorized Share Capital of the Company shall be such amount as may be mentioned in Clause V of Memorandum of Association of the Company from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Increase of capital by the Company how carried into effect</td><td>The Company may in General Meeting from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase its capital by creation of new Shares which may be unclassified and may be classified at the time of issue in one or more classes and of such amount or amounts as may be deemed expedient. The new Shares shall be issued upon such terms and conditions and with such rights and privileges annexed thereto as the resolution shall prescribe and in particular, such Shares may be issued with a preferential or qualified right to dividends and in the distribution of assets of the Company and with a right of voting at General Meeting of the Company in conformity with Section 47 of the Act. Whenever the capital of the Company has been increased under the provisions of this Article the Directors shall comply with the provisions of Section 64 of the Act.</td></tr></tbody></table>