between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead managers shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process.

In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated in accordance with applicable law. The Book Running Lead Manager shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. Further, Investors shall be entitled to compensation in the manner specified in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that their Bids are submitted in accordance with applicable laws and do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or as specified in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus, and the Prospectus.

## Book Building Procedure

This Issue is being made in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR read with Regulation 31 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Issue is being made through the Book Building Process and is in compliance with Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, wherein in terms of Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, not more than 50% of the Issue shall be allocated on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company, in consultation with BRLM, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Allocation Price on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, of which one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allotment in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds, and the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Further, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the respective categories, not less than 15% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders out of which (a) one third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹0.20million and up to ₹1.00 million; and (b) two third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹1.00million, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to RIBs in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders, at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to receipt of valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price and subject to applicable laws. Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion, would not be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories.

The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialised segment of the Stock Exchanges.

**Bidders must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in compliance with the notification by the Central Board of Direct Taxes dated February 13, 2020 read with press releases dated June 25, 2021 and September 17, 2021, read with press release dated September 17, 2021. CBDT circular no.7 of 2022, dated March 30, 2022, read with press release dated March 28, 2023.**

**Bidders should note that the Equity Shares will be Allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialised form. The Bid cum Application Forms, which do not have the details of the Bidders' depository account, including DP ID, Client ID, UPI ID (in case of UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism) and PAN, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form.**

## Phased implementation of Unified Payments Interface for Bids by Retail Individual Bidders

SEBI has issued the UPI Circulars in relation to streamlining the process of public issue of equity shares and