subsequent measurement, financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost.

## Acceptances

The Group enters into arrangements whereby vendor's banks make direct payments to suppliers for raw materials and service vendors and these are backed by letter of credits. The banks are subsequently repaid by the Group at a later date providing working capital timing benefits. These are normally settled up in range of 90 to 180 days. These arrangements are with a maturity of up to twelve months the economic substance of the transaction is determined to be operating in nature and these are recognised as Acceptances under financial liabilities. Interest expense/charges, if any on these is recognised in the finance cost.

## Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

## Embedded derivatives

An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid (combined) instrument that also includes a nonderivative host contract – with the effect that some of the cash flows of the combined instrument vary in a way similar to a stand-alone derivative. An embedded derivative causes some or all of the cash flows that otherwise would be required by the contract to be modified according to a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index, or other variable, provided in the case of a non-financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss.

If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset within the scope of Ind AS 109, the Group does not separate embedded derivatives. Rather, it applies the classification requirements contained in Ind AS 109 to the entire hybrid contract. Derivatives embedded in all other host contracts are accounted for as separate derivatives and recorded at fair value if their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not held for trading or designated at fair value through profit or loss. These embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss, unless designated as effective hedging instruments.

## Reclassification of financial assets

The Group determines classification of financial assets and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial recognition, no reclassification is made for financial assets which are equity instruments and financial liabilities. For financial assets which are debt instruments, a reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Group's senior management determines change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which are significant to the Group's operations. Such changes are evident to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Group either begins or ceases to perform an activity that is significant to its operations. If the Group reclassifies financial assets, it applies the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period following the change in business model. The Group does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.

The following table shows various reclassification and how they are accounted for:

<table><thead><tr><td>Original classification</td><td>Revised Classification</td><td>Accounting treatment</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Amortised Cost</td><td>FVTPL</td><td>Fair value is measured at reclassification date. Difference between previous amortised cost and fair value is recognised in statement of profit and loss.</td></tr><tr><td>FVTPL</td><td>Amortised Cost</td><td>Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new gross carrying amount. EIR is calculated based on the new gross carrying amount.</td></tr><tr><td>Amortised cost</td><td>FVTOCI</td><td>Fair value is measured at reclassification date. Difference between previous amortised cost and fair value is recognised in OCI. No change in EIR due to reclassification.</td></tr><tr><td>FVTOCI</td><td>Amortised cost</td><td>Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new amortised cost carrying amount.</td></tr></tbody></table>