manufacturing efficiency, and enhancing product reliability to cater to evolving market requirements. We have also developed an in-house R&D ecosystem, incorporating laboratories and engineering and design teams that continuously innovate and optimize product performance. Our R&D efforts have helped us develop fiber-integrated power cables, and high ampacity cables, which reduce energy losses and enhance the efficiency of long-distance power transmission networks. We also introduced 96-core fiber in a single cable and have launched 144-core fiber cables to meet the growing demand for data transmission.

As part of our commitment to sustainable manufacturing, we integrate Green Aluminum into our conductor manufacturing process, reducing the environmental impact of our operations. We also implement water conservation and recycling initiatives at our manufacturing facilities, ensuring responsible resource management. These efforts are in line with global ESG standards and show our dedication to sustainability and environmental responsibility. We also prioritize eco-friendly packaging solutions, which further contribute to our sustainability initiatives. This transition towards greener packaging aligns with our broader environmental objectives and corporate responsibility initiatives. We also promote diversity and inclusion by hiring women to take on roles in conductor and power cable manufacturing. We have been recognized with a 'Great Place to Work' certification for our efforts in building a strong and inclusive workplace culture.

### 3. Long-standing relationships with marquee global and domestic customers across multiple sectors

Our wide product portfolio allows us to serve domestic and international utilities, infrastructure projects, renewable energy developers, industrial clients, and telecom networks, offering them efficient, technologically advanced solutions for power and communication infrastructure. We believe our focus on quality, value proposition, timely delivery of our products, and the price competitiveness of our offerings has helped us in establishing and maintaining long-term relationships with our customers and resulted in customer stickiness. We have long-standing relationships, on average, of more than five years with certain key customers in terms of revenue from sale of products in Fiscal 2025. Our ability to establish and maintain long-term relationships with numerous customers demonstrates our commitment to provide quality products and solutions that meet their requirements. While we have many key customers who have been associated with us for a long time, we nevertheless have a diversified customer base (with no individual customer contributing more than 15.00% of our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023) and continue to add new customers. We have added 35 new customers in Fiscal 2025.

*   **Overhead conductors and OPGW.** We have built relationships with some of the most significant domestic and global utilities and EPC companies. In Fiscal 2025, we have served 60 customers. Our customers consist of global and domestic utilities and EPC companies, including KEC International Limited, Kalpataru Projects International Limited, Apraava Energy Private Limited and Skipper Limited.
*   **Power cables.** We supply power cables to central and state transmission utility companies, renewables and transmission developers, metro projects and industrial sector comprising data centers, steel, oil and gas, and cement. In Fiscal 2025, we have served 43 customers. Our customers included Rajesh Power Services Limited, Sterling and Wilson Private Limited, and Hi Tech Transpower Private Limited.
*   **MSI services.** We cater to central and state transmission utilities, private power developers, and renewable energy companies. In Fiscal 2025, we have served 20 customers. Our projects in this business are primarily brownfield in nature, involving the upgrading and modernization of existing transmission infrastructure.

From April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2025, we have served customers in over 70 countries, including USA, Brazil, Sweden, South Africa, Egypt, UAE, Chile and Peru. The below graphic illustrates our global footprint for our products, demonstrating that our products are deployed and performing under extreme climatic conditions in multiple countries.