<table><thead><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/Offer Period (except the Bid/Offer Closing Date)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Submission and revision in Bids</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (Indian Standard Time ("IST"))</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/Offer Closing Date*</th></tr><tr><td>Submission of electronic applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) – For RIBs and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of electronic applications (Bank ASBA through online channels like internet banking, mobile banking and syndicate UPI ASBA applications where Bid Amount is up to ₹ 0.50 million)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 4.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of electronic applications (syndicate non-retail, non-individual applications of QIBs and NIBs)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 3.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of physical applications (Bank ASBA)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 1.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of physical applications (Syndicate non-retail, non-individual applications of QIBs and NIBs where Bid Amount is more than ₹ 0.50 million</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 12.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Modification/ Revision/cancellation of Bids</th></tr><tr><td>Upward revision of Bids by QIBs and NIBs#</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 4.00 p.m. IST on Bid/Offer Closing Date</td></tr><tr><td>Modification/cancellation of Bids by RIBs and Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr></tbody></table>

* UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5.00 pm on Bid/Offer Closing Date.

# QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders can neither revise their bids downwards nor cancel/withdraw their Bids

On the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, the Bids shall be uploaded until:

(i) 4.00 p.m. IST in case of Bids by QIBs and NIBs, and

(ii) until 5.00 p.m. IST or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchanges, in case of Bids by RIBs and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion.

On Bid/ Offer Closing Date, extension of time may be granted by Stock Exchanges only for uploading Bids received by RIBs and Eligible Employees under the Employee Reservation Portion after taking into account the total number of Bids received and as reported by the BRLMs to the Stock Exchanges.

The Registrar to the Offer shall submit the details of cancelled/ withdrawn/ deleted applications to the SCSBs on a daily basis within 60 minutes of the Bid closure time from the Bid/ Offer Opening Date till the Bid/ Offer Closing Date by obtaining the same from the Stock Exchanges. The SCSBs shall unblock such applications by the closing hours of the Working Day and submit the confirmation to the BRLMs and the Registrar to the Offer on a daily basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular.

It is clarified that Bids not uploaded on the electronic bidding system or in respect of which the full Bid Amount is not blocked by SCSBs, or not blocked under the UPI Mechanism in the relevant ASBA Account, as the case may be, would be rejected.

Due to limitation of time available for uploading the Bids on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, Bidders are advised to submit their Bids one day prior to the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bids are received on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, some Bids may not get uploaded due to lack of sufficient time. Such Bids that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under the Offer. Bids and any revision in Bids will be accepted only during Working Days during the Bid/ Offer Period. Bidders may please note that as per letter no. List/SMD/SM/2006 dated July 3, 2006 and letter no. NSE/IPO/25101-6 dated July 6, 2006 issued by BSE and NSE, respectively, Bids and any revision in Bids shall not be accepted on Saturdays and public holidays as declared by the Stock Exchanges. Bids by ASBA Bidders shall be uploaded by the relevant Designated Intermediary in the electronic system to be provided by the Stock Exchanges. None among our Company, any Selling Shareholder or any member of the Syndicate is liable for any failure in (i) uploading the Bids due to faults in any software/ hardware system or otherwise; and (ii) the blocking of Bid Amount in the ASBA Account on receipt of instructions from the Sponsor Bank on account of any errors, omissions or non-compliance by various parties involved in, or any other fault, malfunctioning or breakdown in, or otherwise, in the UPI Mechanism. The Designated Intermediaries shall modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Offer Period till 5:00 pm on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information to the Registrar to the Offer for further processing.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, reserve the right to revise the Price Band during the Bid/ Offer Period in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The revision in the Price Band shall not exceed 20% on either side, i.e. the Floor Price can move up or down to the extent of 20% of the Floor Price and the Cap Price will be revised accordingly. In all circumstances, the Cap Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Floor Price shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.