STERLITE ELECTRIC LIMITED (formerly known as Sterlite Power Transmission Limited)

CIN: U74120PN2015PLC156643

ANNEXURE-VII

Consolidated Summary Statement of Notes and other explanatory information forming part of Restated Consolidated Summary Statements
(All amounts in Rupees million unless otherwise stated)

(v) During the year ended 31 March 2024, one of the erstwhile subsidiary of the Group, Khargone Transmission Limited ('KTL') which was sold to India Grid Trust ('IGT') during FY 2023-24, has received notices from Long Term Transmission Customers (LTTCs) for claim of liquidated damages. Further, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission ('CERC') has passed the order for disallowance of force majeure events which the Company claimed against CERC for delay in project. As a result, KTL received letter from the LTTCs demanding LD on account of delay. The Company filed writ petition in the Delhi High Court and obtained a stay on payment of liquidated damages to the LTTCs. The Delhi High Court has ordered the Group to file review petition against the CERC, which the Group has filed during the year. Subsequently, the review petition came up before the CERC for admission hearing and grant of stay against LD claims of the LTTCs. CERC vide its ROP dated 22 April 2024 has extended the stay granted by the Delhi High Court until next date of hearing. Further, Under the Share Purchase Agreement ('SPA') signed with IGT, the Group has provided indemnity to IGT in respect of this matter. Based on a legal opinion, the management believes that it has grounds to defend the claim under litigation and accordingly no provision has been considered in respect of this matter in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024. Pursuant to the 'Scheme of arrangement' (refer note 51A) the same has been transferred to Resulting company (i.e. Sterlite Grid 5 Limited) in current year.

(vi) ANEEL Penalty Notice - San Francisco (Brazil)

On 7 December 2023, São Francisco Transmissão de Energia S.A. received a claim from Brazil's electric power regulator, Agência Nacional de Energia Elétrica ('ANEEL'), indicating penalty of approx. Rs.770.39 million, due to the delay in completion of São Francisco project. The delay is on account of difficulty in obtaining certain licenses, obstacles created by the strike and the administrative limitations imposed by the Covid-19. Based on the mentioned reasons and legal opinion obtained, management believes that it has grounds to defend the claim under litigation and accordingly no provision has been considered in respect of this matter in the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024. Pursuant to the 'Scheme of arrangement' (refer note 51A) the same has been transferred to Resulting company (i.e. Sterlite Grid 5 Limited) in current year.

NOTE 43: HEDGING ACTIVITIES AND DERIVATIVES

Cash flow hedges

Foreign exchange forward contracts

Foreign exchange forward contracts measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges of highly probable forecast transactions/firm commitments, majorly for sales and purchases in USD and EUR. The foreign exchange forward contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency sales and purchases and changes in foreign exchange forward rates. The terms of the foreign currency forward contracts match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast transactions. As a result, generally, no hedge ineffectiveness arise requiring recognition through profit or loss.

Commodity future contracts

Commodity future contracts entered on London Metal Exchange (LME) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges of highly probable forecast transactions/firm commitments for purchases of aluminium and copper. The futures contract balances vary with the level of expected quantity of purchases of aluminium and copper. The terms of the future contracts match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast transactions/firm commitments. As a result, generally, no hedge ineffectiveness arise requiring recognition through profit or loss.

The cash flow hedges as at 31 March 2025 were assessed to be highly effective and a net unrealised gain of Rs. 110.36 million (net of deferred tax of Rs. 37.12 million) [31 March 2024: Rs. 107.75 million (net of deferred tax of Rs. 36.24 million), 31 March 2023: Rs. 22.34 million (net of deferred tax of Rs. 7.51 million)] relating to the hedging instruments, is included in other comprehensive income. The amounts retained in other comprehensive income as at 31 March 2025 is expected to mature and affect the statement of profit and loss during the year ended 31 March 2026.

NOTE 44: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

(a) The following are the outstanding forward exchange contracts entered into by the Group, for hedge purpose, as on 31 March 2025, 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023:

<table><thead><tr><th>Purpose</th><th>Foreign currency<br>(In million)</th><th>Amount<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th>Buy/Sell</th><th>No. of contracts<br>(Quantity)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>31 March 2025</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables, supplier's credit and highly probable foreign currency purchases</td><td>USD 246.92</td><td>21,131.59</td><td>Buy</td><td>241</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of trade receivables, margin money deposits and highly probable sale</td><td>USD 94.78</td><td>8,110.98</td><td>Sell</td><td>76</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables and highly probable purchases</td><td>EUR 3.20</td><td>295.02</td><td>Sell</td><td>7</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of trade receivables and highly probable sale</td><td>GBP 0.01</td><td>1.54</td><td>Sell</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables and highly probable purchases</td><td>JPY 150.58</td><td>85.45</td><td>Buy</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>31 March 2024</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables, supplier's credit and highly probable foreign currency purchases</td><td>USD 188.77</td><td>15,738.08</td><td>Buy</td><td>225</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of trade receivables, margin money deposits and highly probable sale</td><td>USD 90.57</td><td>7,551.08</td><td>Sell</td><td>86</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables and highly probable purchases</td><td>EUR 0.39</td><td>35.23</td><td>Buy</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of trade receivables and highly probable sale</td><td>EUR 9.46</td><td>853.90</td><td>Sell</td><td>11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>31 March 2023</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables, supplier's credit and highly probable foreign currency purchases</td><td>USD 183.26</td><td>15,067.06</td><td>Buy</td><td>258</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of trade receivables, margin money deposits and highly probable sale</td><td>USD 125.69</td><td>10,333.65</td><td>Sell</td><td>85</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of payables and highly probable purchases</td><td>EUR 1.39</td><td>124.65</td><td>Buy</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Hedge of trade receivables and highly probable sale</td><td>EUR 15.88</td><td>1,422.59</td><td>Sell</td><td>10</td></tr></tbody></table>

(b) The year end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise are given below:

Amounts payable in foreign currency on account of the following:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Category</th><th rowspan="2">Currency type</th><th colspan="2">31 March 2025</th><th colspan="2">31 March 2024</th><th colspan="2">31 March 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Foreign currency<br>(In million)</th><th>Amount<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th>Foreign currency<br>(In million)</th><th>Amount<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th>Foreign currency<br>(In million)</th><th>Amount<br>(Rs. in million)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Import of goods and services</td><td>EUR</td><td>0.06</td><td>5.22</td><td>0.03</td><td>3.14</td><td>0.02</td><td>1.94</td></tr><tr><td>Import of goods and services</td><td>USD</td><td>0.83</td><td>71.22</td><td>0.12</td><td>9.83</td><td>0.62</td><td>50.89</td></tr></tbody></table>

(c) Commodity future contracts to hedge against fluctuation in commodity prices:

The following are the outstanding future contracts entered into by the Group as on year end:

<table><thead><tr><th>Year end date</th><th>Commodity type</th><th>No. of contracts</th><th>Contracted quantity<br>(MT)</th><th>Buy/Sell</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>31 March 2025</td><td>Aluminium</td><td>282</td><td>1,28,792</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2025</td><td>Aluminium</td><td>42</td><td>17,615</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2025</td><td>Copper</td><td>31</td><td>1,040</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2025</td><td>Copper</td><td>11</td><td>588</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2025</td><td>Lead</td><td>7</td><td>700</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2025</td><td>Lead</td><td>6</td><td>462</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2024</td><td>Aluminium</td><td>314</td><td>1,25,367</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2024</td><td>Aluminium</td><td>62</td><td>17,018</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2024</td><td>Copper</td><td>26</td><td>1,822</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2024</td><td>Copper</td><td>7</td><td>496</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2024</td><td>Lead</td><td>8</td><td>428</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2024</td><td>Lead</td><td>3</td><td>156</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2023</td><td>Aluminium</td><td>288</td><td>99,814</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2023</td><td>Aluminium</td><td>76</td><td>49,255</td><td>Sell</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2023</td><td>Copper</td><td>33</td><td>2,565</td><td>Buy</td></tr><tr><td>31 March 2023</td><td>Copper</td><td>19</td><td>984</td><td>Sell</td></tr></tbody></table>

374