(7) Fixed Assets represents gross block of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets as at the end of the relevant fiscal.
(8) Total borrowings is calculated as sum of non-current borrowings and current borrowings.
(9) Net Debt/(Net Cash Surplus) is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents and other current bank balances.
(10) Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio is calculated as Revenue from Operations divided by average Fixed Assets. Average Fixed Assets is calculated as average of Fixed Assets at the beginning and at the end of the relevant fiscal.
(11) Debt to Equity Ratio is calculated as Total borrowings divided by Equity.
(12) Net Debt/(Net Cash Surplus) to EBITDA is calculated as Net Debt/(Net Cash Surplus) divided by EBITDA. Net debt/(Net cash surplus) is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents and other current bank balances.
(13) Financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with the corresponding information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. For further information, see "Risk Factors - Our financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with our financial information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025." on page 65.

For reconciliation in relation to EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Profit After Tax Margin, Return on Equity, Return on Capital Employed, Net Worth, Net Assets Value per equity share, Return on Net Worth, Operating Working Capital, Fixed Assets, Net Debt/(Net Cash Surplus), Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio, Debt to Equity ratio, and Net Debt/(Net Cash Surplus) to EBITDA Ratio, see "Other Financial Information – Non-GAAP Financial Measures" on page 423.

## STRENGTHS

### 1. Extensive product portfolio across various products supported by a strong order book

Our business is spread across overhead conductors, power cables, OPGW, and MSI services, providing solutions for power transmission and grid modernization projects. Our product portfolio includes both standard and customized solutions, addressing varying voltage transmission requirements and infrastructure specifications.

*   **Overhead conductors and OPGW.** We manufacture and supply a wide range of conductors from ACSR to HPC, as well as provide long span river crossing solutions. As of March 31, 2025, we manufactured more than 42 overhead conductor variants across aluminium, HPC, thermal resistant conductors ("TRC"), including ACSR conductors, alloy conductors i.e., STER-AL59, composite core conductors, ACCC conductors, ACSS conductors, and GAP type conductors. Between April 1, 2022, and March 31, 2025, we have supplied more than 2,80,000 MT overhead conductors, including more than 70,000 MT HPC. Our experience in conductor technology allows us to cater to high-voltage transmission needs while ensuring efficiency and durability. We had a market share of 15% in the Indian power conductors market in terms of value in Fiscal 2025 and a market share of 25% to 28% in high ampacity and AL59 conductor market in terms of value in Fiscal 2025.

We manufacture and supply OPGW for communication and commercial purposes that meet the standards of our power systems and utility customers. Our capabilities span planning, application, design engineering, and execution. We also manufacture OPGW accessories, including hardware support products such as tension assemblies, suspension assemblies, vibration dampers, and down lead clamps. We are an integrated manufacturer and solutions provider of OPGW, encompassing the entire lifecycle of OPGW, from production to deployment and ongoing maintenance. Between April 1, 2022 and March 31, 2025, we have supplied more than 28,000 kilometers of OPGW.

Our revenue from overhead conductors and OPGW increased from ₹ 19,876.42 million in Fiscal 2023 to ₹ 33,186.60 million in Fiscal 2025, at a CAGR of 29.21%.

*   **Power cables.** We manufacture and supply a range of power cables, including medium, HV, EHV cables from 66kV to 220kV, fiber-integrated power cables and high-ampacity cables. Between April 1, 2022 and March 31, 2025, we have supplied more than 2,090 kilometers of HV and EHV cables. We have recently started supplying LTDC solar cables which are designed to provide high performance and reliability in solar power applications, and MVCC cables which are designed for medium voltage applications. We possess key capabilities such as the continuous cross-linked ("CCV") lines and vertical continuous vulcanization ("VCV") lines, featuring extra high tension ("EHT") technology, which ensures an eccentricity of less than 2%, and EHV capability up to 220 kV with a conductor size of up to 2,500 sq. mm. We offer EHV complete cable solutions, including cable laying and substation development. We also provide advanced cable monitoring solutions that enable remote diagnostics and support comprehensive lifecycle management of cables. Our revenue from power cables has increased from ₹ 4,736.13 million in Fiscal 2023 to ₹ 8,420.42 million in Fiscal 2025, at a CAGR of 33.33%.