1. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. Our top 10 customers accounted for 46.00%, 56.82% and 66.72%, of our revenue from operations (continuing operations) in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Loss of relationship with any of these customers or delays or reductions in their orders may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our top 10 customers. A major customer in one year may not contribute the same level of revenues for us in any subsequent year. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our top 10 customers, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future, all of which could have an impact on our business prospects and financial performance. Further, loss of all or a substantial portion of sales to any of our top 10 customers, in particular for any reason (including, due to loss of contracts or failure to negotiate acceptable terms, loss of market share of these customers in their industries, disputes with these customers, adverse change in the financial condition of these customers, decline in their sales, plant shutdowns, labour strikes or other work stoppages affecting production of these customers), could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The table below sets forth details of our revenues from our top 10 customers, in the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Customers</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Revenue from the top 10 customers</td><td>22,806.67</td><td>27,942.36</td><td>27,873.73</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from the top 10 customers as a percentage of revenue from operations (continuing operations)</td><td>46.00%</td><td>56.82%</td><td>66.72%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Note: Our top 10 customers for Fiscal 2024 and 2023 include KEC International Limited and the names of other customers for Fiscal 2024 and 2023 have not been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus due to non-receipt of consent. The top 10 customers have been identified based on their contribution to our revenue from operations (continuing operations) in the respective Fiscal.

The volume and timing of sales to our top 10 customers may vary due to variations in demand for such customers' products or on account of their manufacturing and growth strategy. Thus, any decrease in the demand for our products from our top 10 customers could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Additionally, these customers may demand price reductions and we cannot assure you that we will be able to offset any reduction of prices to these customers with reductions in our costs. We rely on letter of awards, purchase orders issued by some of our customers to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products and services. Such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to completion. Any cancellation or termination by our customers or delay or reduction in their orders or any of the aforementioned events could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow.

2. We depend on a few suppliers for the supply of our primary raw materials and any disruption in the supply or increase in the prices of raw materials could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for 83.22%, 74.63% and 79.53% of our total cost of raw materials in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Our primary raw materials and components we use are aluminium for our conductors and aluminium, copper and PVC compounds for cables. We source our primary raw materials from both domestic and international third-party manufacturers who meet our quality standards and those of our customers, and who can fulfill our volume requirements. We generally maintain contracts between one to three years with our suppliers for aluminium, copper and carbon core. The table below sets forth details of our total cost of materials as a percentage of our total expenses (continuing operations) in the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Products</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Cost of raw material and components consumed (continuing operations) (A)</td><td>27,839.37</td><td>24,318.98</td><td>18,150.84</td></tr><tr><td>Construction material and contract expenses (continuing operations) (B)</td><td>9,183.49</td><td>12,111.85</td><td>6,782.13</td></tr><tr><td>Purchase of traded goods (continuing operations) (C)</td><td>50.48</td><td>588.36</td><td>676.87</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total cost of materials (D = A + B + C)</strong></td><td><strong>37,073.34</strong></td><td><strong>37,019.19</strong></td><td><strong>25,609.84</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Total expenses (continuing operations) (E)</td><td>47,367.58</td><td>46,360.24</td><td>30,510.42</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total cost of materials as a percentage of total expenses (continuing operations)</strong></td><td><strong>78.27%</strong></td><td><strong>79.85%</strong></td><td><strong>83.94%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>