Our Chairman and Non-Executive Director, Pravin Agarwal, and our Individual Promoter, Anil Agarwal have been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to their educational qualifications. While they have written to their respective educational institutions seeking copies of such documents, as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, they have not received any communication. Accordingly, we have relied on affidavits furnished by them, to disclose the details of their educational qualifications in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “*Our Management – Brief profiles of our Directors*” and “*Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Details of our Promoters – Individual Promoter – Anil Agarwal*” on pages 265 and 279 respectively. There, there can be no assurances that they will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in future, or at all or that the educational institutions will respond to such emails and letter in a timely manner, or at all.

**47. After the completion of the Offer, our Corporate Promoter will continue to collectively hold majority of the shareholding in our Company, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters requiring shareholder approval.**

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Corporate Promoter, holds 61.81% of the share capital of our Company on a fully diluted basis. For details of our Corporate Promoter’s shareholding pre and post-Offer, see “*Capital Structure – Shareholding of our Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group*” on page 107. After the completion of the Offer, our Corporate Promoter will continue to collectively hold majority of the shareholding in our Company and will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures or any other matter requiring special resolution. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of our Corporate Promoters as our controlling shareholders could conflict with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Corporate Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. For further information in relation to the interests of our Corporate Promoters in our Company, see “*Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Corporate Promoter*” and “*Our Management*” on pages 279 and 263, respectively.

**48. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures and the terms of our financing arrangements.**

Any dividends to be declared and paid in the future are required to be recommended by our Company’s Board of Directors and approved by its Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company’s ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, have profits to pay dividends to our Company’s shareholders in future. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. For details regarding the dividend paid in relation to our Equity Shares and CCPS in the last three Fiscals and during the period from April 1, 2025, until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, see “*Dividend Policy*” on page 291.

**49. If we fail to ensure the confidentiality of our technical knowledge and process know-how, we may suffer a loss of our competitive advantage.**

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights. Some of our technical knowledge is protected only by secrecy. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long term. Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the production process. While the manufacture of conductors, cables and OPGW is based on international and national standards that limit changes to designs, we have developed certain products using technical knowledge that we protect through intellectual property.

A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. While we may enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, there can be no assurance that such agreements will be successful in protecting our technical knowledge. If the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the public, any competitive advantage we may have over our competitors could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects. While we have not had such instances of loss of confidentiality of our technical knowledge that resulted in an adverse impact on our business in the last three Fiscals, there can be no assurance that we will continue to adequately safeguard our technical expertise in the future.