policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part, on time, or at all. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner at acceptable costs or at all. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Any damage suffered by us in excess of such limited coverage amounts, or in respect of uninsured events, not covered by such insurance policies will have to be borne by us. While we have not experienced any instance where we incurred losses exceeding our insurance coverage in the last three Fiscals which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future. The table below set forth details of coverage of our insurance policies against the total assets (excluding intangible assets and deferred tax assets) in the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>As at / for the year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>As at / for the year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>As at / for the year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Total assets (excluding intangible assets and deferred tax assets) (A)</td><td>12,436.32</td><td>11,684.93</td><td>15,060.27</td></tr><tr><td>Amount of insurance coverage on total assets (excluding intangible assets and deferred tax assets) (B)</td><td>22,218.23</td><td>19,521.38</td><td>13,572.13</td></tr><tr><td>Insurance coverage (%) (C = B/A, multiplied by 100)</td><td>178.66%</td><td>167.06%</td><td>90.12%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Notes:

1. In computing the amount of sum insured, only such policies have been considered that have insured the assets till March 31, 2025, or beyond.

2. While computing the sum assured against the assets, policies covering insurance in respect of act of infidelity, public liability, general liability, D&O claims, marine and cargo annual turn over policy, employee compensation policy have not been considered.

**41. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows.**

Our financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees. However, our sales from exports and a portion of our raw materials expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, including largely, the United States Dollar. The table below sets forth details of foreign currency exposure as of the dates indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">As of March 31, 2025</th><th colspan="2">As of March 31, 2024</th><th colspan="2">As of March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% revenue from operations (continuing operations)</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% revenue from operations (continuing operations)</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% revenue from operations (continuing operations)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Absolute total foreign currency exposure on trade receivables</td><td>793.4</td><td>1.60%</td><td>1,269.46</td><td>2.56%</td><td>2,504.30</td><td>7.64%</td></tr><tr><td>Absolute total foreign currency exposure on trade payable</td><td>1,259.74</td><td>2.54%</td><td>1,344.01</td><td>2.73%</td><td>2,421.05</td><td>7.38%</td></tr><tr><td>Total foreign currency exposure (unhedged)</td><td>79.62</td><td>0.16%</td><td>12.97</td><td>0.03%</td><td>52.83</td><td>0.16%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business operations, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. While there has not been any instance in the last three Fiscals wherein our failure to hedge foreign exchange exposure had an impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future.

**42. Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which is a paid report and commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.**

We have availed the services of an independent consulting company, CRISIL Limited (“CRISIL”), appointed by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 20, 2025 to prepare an industry report titled “Assessment of cables, conductors industries and investments in power sector in India” dated September 2025, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to understand the industry in which we operate. The CRISIL Report has been commissioned by our Company exclusively in connection with the Offer for a fee. Our Company, our Promoters, our Directors, and our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel are not related to CRISIL. This CRISIL Report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Further the commissioned report is not a