The Government of India has introduced the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Wages, 2019, the Code on Social Security, 2020 ("Labour Codes") which consolidate, subsume, amend and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. These Labour Codes are yet to be notified by the GoI. Further, Parliament passed the Digital Personal Data Protection Act on August 9, 2023 ("DPDP Act") to replace the existing data protection provision, as contained in Section 43A of the IT Act. The implementation of such laws can increase our employee and labour costs and data security and compliance related costs thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business, and financial performance. Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future.

**60. Natural or man-made disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business.**

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares.

**61. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate in may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.**

Our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the sovereign credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares.

**62. Changes in international trade policies, geopolitics and trade tariffs, export controls, economic or trade sanctions may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.**

Our export business is exposed to international trade policies, geopolitical tensions and the imposition of tariffs, export controls or economic sanctions, which are inherently unpredictable and beyond our control. In particular, geopolitical tensions and economic sanctions may lead to restrictions on our product sales and raw material procurement in certain countries, limiting our access to key markets. Changes in trade or investment agreements could result in bans or limitations on our goods, thereby curbing our expansion efforts. In addition, sanctions could strain our relationships with foreign partners and suppliers, adversely affecting our international business. Additionally, heightened tensions may shift customer preferences in overseas markets toward domestically produced products, reducing demand for imported goods, including ours. In some regions, we may face increased tariffs on our products, driving up our products' prices, undermining our competitiveness and impacting our profit margins.

The imposition of tariffs by the US government under its "Fair and Reciprocal Plan" may impact Indian businesses, especially those with a substantial export presence in the US market. This policy has resulted in the imposition of tariffs across a diverse range of sectors. As a result, Indian exporters may encounter heightened costs and uncertainties, potentially constraining their market competitiveness and profitability. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilising effects. Also, see "- A significant portion of our revenue is derived from the sale of overhead conductors, which accounted for 63.94%, 62.83% and 58.37% of our revenue from operations (continuing operations) in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any adverse changes in the conditions affecting overhead conductor market may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects." on page 47.

Any negative trends or changes in international trade policies, geopolitics and trade tariffs, export controls, economic or trade sanctions may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.