of monetary fine or imprisonment for violation of provisions, as well as procedures for appeal in relation to such contravention of the provisions.

## Environmental Laws

*Environment Protection Act, 1986 (the “EP Act”) and the Environment Protection Rules, 1986 (the “EP Rules”) read with the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification, 2006 (the “EIA Notification”)*

The EP Act has been enacted with the objective of protection and improvement of the environment and for matters connected therewith. As per the EP Act, the Central Government has been given the power to take all such measures for the purpose of protecting and improving the quality of the environment and to prevent, control and abate environmental pollution. Further, the Central Government has been given the power to give directions in writing to any person or officer or any authority for any of the purposes of the EP Act, including the power to direct the closure, prohibition or regulation of any industry, operation, or process. The EP Rules prescribes the standards for emission or discharge of environmental pollutants from industries, operations, or processes, prohibitions and restrictions on the location of industries as well as prohibitions and restrictions on the handling of hazardous substances in different areas for the purpose of protecting and improving the quality of the environment and preventing and abating environmental pollution. Additionally, under the EIA Notification and its subsequent amendments, projects are required to mandatorily obtain environmental clearance from the concerned authorities depending on the spatial extent of potential impacts and potential impact on human health and natural and manmade resources.

## Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (the “Water Act”)

The Water Act provides for the prevention and control of water pollution and the maintaining or restoring of wholesomeness of water, and the establishment of the Central Pollution Control Board, as well as state pollution control boards (“State PCB”), to implement its provisions, including to lay down standards of treatment of sewage and trade effluents. The Water Act prohibits the use of any stream or well for the disposal of polluting matter, in violation of the standards set down by the State PCB. The Water Act also provides that the consent of the State PCB must be obtained prior to establishing any industry, operation or process, or opening of any new outlets, which are likely to discharge sewage effluent. The Water Act prescribes specific amounts of fine and terms of imprisonment for various contraventions.

## Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (the “Air Act”)

The Air Act provides for the prevention, control and abatement of air pollution. Under the Air Act, the State Government may, after consultation with the relevant state pollution control board declare, by notification in the Official Gazette, any area or areas within the state as air pollution control area or areas for the purposes of the Air Act. Pursuant to the provisions of the Air Act, any person establishing or operating any industrial plant within an air pollution control area, must obtain the consent of the relevant state pollution control board prior to establishing or operating such industrial plant. Further, no person operating any industrial plant in any air pollution control area shall discharge or permit or cause to be discharged the emission of any air pollutant in excess of the standards laid down by the state pollution control board. The Air Act prescribes specific amounts of fine and terms of imprisonment for various contraventions.

## Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 (the “Hazardous Waste Rules”)

The Hazardous Waste Rules regulate the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste. Under the Hazardous Waste Rules, “hazardous waste”, among others, means any waste which by reason of characteristics such as physical, chemical, biological, reactive, toxic, flammable, explosive or corrosive, causes danger or is likely to cause danger to health or environment, whether alone or in contact with other wastes or substances. Every occupier of a facility generating hazardous waste must obtain authorization from the relevant state pollution control board. Further, the occupier, importer or exporter, or operator of a disposal facility is liable for damages caused to the environment or third party resulting from the improper handling and management and disposal of hazardous waste and shall be liable to pay any financial penalty that may be levied by the respective state pollution control board for violation of the Hazardous Waste Rules.

## The Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991 (“PLI Act”) and Public Liability Insurance Rules, 1991 (“PLI Rules”)

The primary objective of the PLI Act is to provide public liability insurance for the purpose of providing immediate relief to the persons affected by an accident occurring while handling any hazardous substance and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. The PLI Act imposes a duty on the owner, a person who owns or has control over handling hazardous substance at the time of accident, to take out insurance policies before manufacturing, processing, treating, storing, packaging or transporting hazardous substances, for any damage arising out of an accident involving such hazardous substances. The penalties for contravention of the provisions of the PLI Act includes imprisonment or fine or both. Further, the PLI Rules mandate that the owner contributes towards the Environmental Relief Fund for a sum equal to the premium paid on the insurance policies.

In addition to the above-mentioned environmental laws, following is an indicative list of the environmental laws which may be applicable to our Company due to the nature of the business activities: