## SECTION II: RISK FACTORS

An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India and other jurisdictions we operate in. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a more detailed understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” on pages 222, 244, 146, 428 and 292, respectively, as well as the other financial information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved.

Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors in our Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment in India, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries.

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 42.

Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Board of Directors approved a scheme of arrangement dated September 28, 2023 (the “Scheme”) between our Company, Sterlite Electric Limited (formerly Sterlite Power Transmission Limited), Sterlite Grid 5 Limited (“SGL5”) and their respective shareholders and creditors for the demerger of the Infrastructure Business into SGL 5. The Scheme was sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai bench vide its order dated September 5, 2024. The aforesaid Scheme meets the criteria prescribed in Ind AS 105 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” to be considered as discontinued operation, hence Infrastructure Business has been disclosed as discontinued operation in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information till the effective date i.e., September 26, 2024. For further information, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments or slump sale of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last 10 years - Scheme of arrangement between Sterlite Grid 5 Limited, our Company and their respective shareholders as sanctioned by the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench by way of its order dated September 5, 2024” on page 255. For further information, see “- Our financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with our financial information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025.” on page 65. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company” are to Sterlite Electric Limited (formerly Sterlite Power Transmission Limited) on a standalone basis and references to “we”, “us” or “our” are to Sterlite Electric Limited (formerly Sterlite Power Transmission Limited) on a consolidated basis. Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year.

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Assessment of cables, conductors industries and investments in power sector in India” dated September 2025 (the “CRISIL Report”) prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited. The CRISIL Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us pursuant to the engagement letter dated May 20, 2025, in connection with the Offer. The data included herein includes excerpts from the CRISIL Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at www.sterliteelectric.com/investors and has also been included in “Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection –Material Documents” on page 546. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. For further information, see “Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which is a paid report and commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.” on page 66.

## INTERNAL RISK FACTORS