SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-TPD-1/P/CIR/2024/5 dated May 24, 2024 ("AV Circular") has introduced the disclosure of audiovisual presentation of disclosures made in Offer Documents. Pursuant to the AV Circular, investors are advised not to rely on any other document, content or information provided in respect to the public issue on the internet/online websites/social media platforms/micro-blogging platforms by finfluencers. Further, investors are advised to rely only on the information contained in the Offer document and Price Band Advertisement for making investment decision.

Our Company, the Selling Shareholders and the BRLMs do not accept any responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information stated in this section and the General Information Document and are not liable for any amendment, modification or change in the applicable law which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that their Bids are submitted in accordance with applicable laws and do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or as specified in the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, when filed.

Further, our Company, the Selling Shareholders and the Members of the Syndicate are not liable for any adverse occurrences consequent to the implementation of the UPI Mechanism for application in the Offer.

## Book Building Procedure

The Offer is being made in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, through the Book Building Process in accordance with Regulation 6(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations wherein not less than 75% of the Net Offer shall be allocated on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, shall allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, of which one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allotment in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds, and spill-over from the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Further, in accordance with Regulation 40(3) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the QIB Portion will not be underwritten by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement. Further, not more than 15% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to NIBs of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹0.20 million up to ₹1.00 million and two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹1.00 million and undersubscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Portion. The allocation to each Non-Institutional Investor shall not be less than the minimum application size, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, not more than 10% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation to RIBs in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Furthermore, up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each, aggregating up to ₹[●] million shall be made available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, if any.

Under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill over proportionately from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs and the Designated Stock Exchange subject to receipt of valid Bids received at or above the Offer Price. Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion, would not be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories. In the event of an under-subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion post the initial Allotment, such unsubscribed portion may be Allotted on a proportionate basis to Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion, for a value in excess of ₹0.20 million, subject to the total Allotment to an Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹0.50 million.

The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialized segment of the Stock Exchanges.

Investors must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in compliance with the notification by the CBDT dated February 13, 2020 read with press releases dated June 25, 2021 and September 17, 2021, read with press release dated September 17, 2021. CBDT circular no.7 of 2022, dated March 30, 2022, read with press release dated March 28, 2023.

Bidders should note that the Equity Shares will be Allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialised form. The Bid cum Application Forms which do not have the details of the Bidders' depository account, including DP ID, Client ID, PAN and UPI ID, as applicable, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they may get the Equity Shares rematerialised subsequent to Allotment of the Equity Shares in the Offer, subject to applicable laws.

The Offer will be made under UPI Phase III of the UPI Circulars.