Further, the Competition Commission of India (“CCI”) has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. In the event we pursue an acquisition in the future, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. The manner in which the Competition Act and the CCI affect the business environment in India may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

If we pursue acquisition transactions in the future, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI, any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI, or any prohibition or substantial penalties levied under the Competition Act, which would adversely affect our business, results of our operations, cash flows and prospects.

**66. The Indian tax regime has undergone substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares.**

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“IT Act”) was amended to provide domestic companies an option to pay corporate income tax at the effective rate of 25.17% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), as compared to an effective rate of 34.94% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), provided such companies do not claim certain specified deductions or exemptions. Further, where a company has opted to pay the reduced corporate tax rate, the minimum alternate tax provisions would not be applicable. Any such future amendments may therefore affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer remain available to us.

Further, with the implementation of the goods and services tax (“GST”) regime in India, we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer, which limits our benefits. In order for us to utilise input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant. There can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will be compliant with GST requirements. Any such failure may result in us incurring increased costs on account of non-compliance and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Previously, distribution of dividends by a domestic company was subject to Dividend Distribution Tax (“DDT”), payable by our company at an effective rate of 20.56% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and cess). Such dividends were generally exempt from tax in the hands of the shareholders. However, the Government of India has amended the IT Act to abolish the DDT regime. Accordingly, any dividend distribution by a domestic company is subject to tax in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Additionally, our Company is required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate.

Recently, the Government of India has notified the Income Tax Act 2025 (“ITA 2025”), to repeal and replace the existing IT Act, with effect from April 1, 2026. While the Government has stated that ITA 2025 does not introduce any policy changes and has primarily been enacted as a simplified, concise, and reader-friendly legislation, we cannot predict whether such simplification or changes in legislative language may give rise to interpretational issues. We cannot predict if the enactment of the ITA 2025 or any interpretation issue arising therefrom, will have a bearing on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or on the industry in which we operate.

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, any adverse order passed by appellate authorities, tribunals, or courts would have an effect on our profitability. In addition, we are subject to tax-related inquiries and claims. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning, investing or trading in the Equity Shares.

**67. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our consumers thereby reducing our margins.**

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult