(b) Central Sales Tax demand of ₹ 5.53 million as at March 31, 2025 raised under the West Bengal VAT Act, 2003 on account of non-submission of the declaration forms C pending to be received / submitted for the Assessment Year 2014-15. Our Company has deposited an amount of ₹ 0.56 million as at March 31, 2025 while preferring the appeal in this matter.
(c) Central Sales Tax demand of ₹ 0.88 million as at March 31, 2025 pertains to the demand raised under the Odisha VAT Act, 2004 on account of non-submission of the E1 declaration forms pending to be received from the suppliers for the Assessment Year 2016-17 and 2017-18. Our Company has deposited an amount of ₹ 0.1 million as at March 31, 2025 while preferring the appeal in this matter.
d) Value Added Tax demand of ₹ 18.79 million as March 31, 2025 raised under the Orissa Value Added Tax Act, 2004 on account of non-submission of the C Form pending to be received / submitted for the period October 2015 to March 2016, April 2016 to June 2016 and April 2014 to September 2015.
e) Value Added Tax demand of ₹ 22.54 million as at March 31, 2025 raised under the Punjab Value Added Tax Act, 2004 on account of non-submission of the Statutory forms and on account of difference in turnover reported in return as against statutory forms collected from suppliers. Our Company has deposited an amount of ₹ 7.52 million as at March 31, 2025 while filing the appeal before Tribunal in this matter.
f) Value Added Tax demand of ₹ nil as at March 31, 2025 raised under the Chhattisgarh Value Added Tax Act, 2004. The demand was raised on account of enhanced Gross Turnover basis revenue reported in GSTR9C and deductions claimed were disallowed. Our Company has already submitted reconciliation and back up working to support the same for the FY 2017-18 (Q1). Our Company has deposited an amount of ₹ 13.03 million as at March 31, 2025 while filing the appeal before Tribunal in this matter.
(ii) The Group is executing an engineering, procurement and construction contract for one of the customers. The execution of the contract was delayed due to force majeure events and other factors beyond the control of the Group. Accordingly, the Group requested Time Limit Extension ('TLE') for the execution of the contract as per the terms of the contract with the customer. The customer has issued a letter for TLE but has also mentioned that TLE is with levy of Liquidated Damages ('LD') on account of delay in completion of the project.
As per the terms of the contract with the customer, the management has estimated that potential amount of LD is Rs. 206.60 million. Based on the terms of the contract with the customer and a legal opinion dated June 17, 2025 obtained by the Group, the management believes that the probability of sustainability of levy of LD is very low. Accordingly, the management believes that there is remote probability of outflow of resources and accordingly no provision has been considered in respect of this matter in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information.

For further details, of our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 'Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets' as at March 31, 2025 see "Financial Information – Note 42" on page 373.