the environment, human exposure to hazardous materials, the storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of wastes and hazardous materials, the investigation and clean-up of contamination, process safety and the maintenance of health and safety conditions in the workplace. We are also required to obtain and comply with environmental permits for certain of our operations. For details, see “Government and other approvals” on page 478. For regulations and policies applicable to our Company, see “Key Regulations and Policies in India” on page 244. Environmental laws and regulations in India have, and may continue to become, more stringent. Many of our operations require permits and controls to monitor or reduce pollution. Stricter laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of the existing laws and regulations, may impose new liabilities on us. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenditures to ensure compliance with current and future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or their more stringent enforcement. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in the imposition of significant fines and penalties, the suspension, revocation or nonrenewal of our permits, production delays or limitations, imprisonment, or the closure of our plants. Other environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could impose restrictions or onerous conditions on the availability or the use of raw materials we need for our manufacturing process. Violations of such laws and regulations may occur, among other ways, from our use of incorrect methodologies or defective or inappropriate measuring equipment, errors in manually capturing results, or other mistaken or unauthorized acts of our employees, suppliers or agents. While no such instances have occurred in the last three Fiscals, any failures to follow regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In connection with our operations, we could be subject to claims by government authorities, individuals and other third parties seeking damages for alleged personal injury or property damage or damage to natural resources resulting from our operations, facilities or products. The regulator may order closure of our manufacturing facility where it is found to be non-compliant with the applicable norm. In some instances, such a fine or sanction could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental costs or liabilities in the future. The discovery of previously unknown violations, or the imposition of new obligations to investigate or remediate contamination at our facilities, could also result in substantial unanticipated costs. We could be required to establish or substantially increase financial reserves for such obligations or liabilities and, if we fail to accurately predict the amount or timing of such costs, the related adverse impact on our business, prospects, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be material.

**13. We depend on our senior management and employees (including qualified and skilled personnel with technical expertise), and if we are unable to recruit and retain such personnel, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected.**

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management. We believe that the inputs and experience of our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. Our managerial and other employees are critical to maintaining the quality and consistency of our services and reputation and the loss of the services of our personnel may adversely affect our business and operations. While we believe that we currently have adequate qualified personnel for our operations, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel.

For details regarding changes in Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management during the last three Fiscals, see “*Our Management - Changes in the Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management*” on page 278.

While there has been no instance in last three Fiscals where the resignation of any Senior Management or Key Managerial Personnel had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial conditions, we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense and the loss of the services of our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires.

**14. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders' approval.**

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Offer for the purposes described in the section titled “*Objects of the Offer*” on page 118. The objects of the Offer comprise (i) repayment/prepayment, in full or part, of all or certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company, (ii) funding of capital expenditure requirements for expansion through purchase of plant, machineries and equipment by our Company and (iii) general corporate purposes.

The objects of the Fresh Issue have not been appraised by any external agency or any bank or financial institution or any other