<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March<br>31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>income from related parties (net of inter company eliminations) as a percentage of total income (continuing operations) (C= A/B multiplied by 100)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Arithmetic aggregated absolute total of expenses incurred in transactions with related parties (net of inter company eliminations) (D)</td><td>29,298.08</td><td>19,557.73</td><td>18,600.87</td></tr><tr><td>Total expenses (continuing operations) (E)</td><td>47,367.58</td><td>46,360.24</td><td>30,510.42</td></tr><tr><td>Arithmetic aggregated absolute total of Expenses incurred in transactions with related parties (net of inter company eliminations) as a percentage of total expenses (continuing operations) (F= D/E multiplied by 100)</td><td>61.85%</td><td>42.19%</td><td>60.97%</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further information, see “Offer Document Summary - Summary of Related Party Transactions” on page 20.

27. We have power, fuel and water requirements and any disruption to power or fuel sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

We require power fuel and water for our operations. The following table sets forth below our power, fuel and water expenses and its % of total expenses for the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>For the year ended March 31,<br>2025</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Power, fuel and water (continuing operations) (A)</td><td>608.11</td><td>528.89</td><td>386.46</td></tr><tr><td>Total expenses (continuing operations) (B)</td><td>47,367.58</td><td>46,360.24</td><td>30,510.42</td></tr><tr><td>Power, fuel and water as a percentage of total expenses (continuing operations) (C= A/B multiplied by 100)</td><td>1.28%</td><td>1.14%</td><td>1.27%</td></tr></tbody></table>

We purchase utilities for our operations from the state electricity boards. In case the cost of electricity from state electricity boards is increased significantly and we are not able to pass on such increase to our customers, our cost of production and profitability will be adversely affected. Interruptions of electricity supply can result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. Any significant increase in power price or increased interruptions may require us to add captive power generation capacity which will lead to incremental capital expenditure which may adversely impact our results from operations. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our business and results from operations will be adversely impacted.

28. Certain of our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management may have interests in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred.

In addition to payment of renumeration, sitting fees and commission, certain of our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Additionally, some of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management may also be regarded as interested to the extent of restricted stock units granted by our Company and which may be granted to them from time to time pursuant to the RSU Plans. For further details of such interests, “Our Management – Interest of Directors”, “Our Management – Interest of Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management”, and “Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Interests of our Promoters” on page 268, 278 and 280, respectively. For the payments that are made by our Company to related parties including remuneration to our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management, see “Offer Document Summary – Summary of Related Party Transactions” on page 20.

29. We are dependent on third parties for the transportation of our products to our customers and for supply of raw material. Any failure by or loss of a third-party transport service provider could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We rely on third parties for the transportation services for the timely delivery of our products to our customers and for the supply of raw material. The following table sets forth the carriage outwards (continuing operations) incurred as a percentage of

61