Statutory forms and on account of difference in turnover reported in return as against statutory forms collected from suppliers. Our Company has deposited an amount of ₹ 7.52 million as at March 31, 2025 while filing the appeal before Tribunal in this matter.

f) Value Added Tax demand of ₹ nil as at March 31, 2025 raised under the Chhattisgarh Value Added Tax Act, 2004. The demand was raised on account of enhanced Gross Turnover basis revenue reported in GSTR9C and deductions claimed were disallowed. Our Company has already submitted reconciliation and back up working to support the same for the FY 2017-18 (Q1). Our Company has deposited an amount of ₹ 13.03 million as at March 31, 2025 while filing the appeal before Tribunal in this matter.

(ii) The Group is executing an engineering, procurement and construction contract for one of the customers. The execution of the contract was delayed due to force majeure events and other factors beyond the control of the Group. Accordingly, the Group requested Time Limit Extension ('TLE') for the execution of the contract as per the terms of the contract with the customer. The customer has issued a letter for TLE but has also mentioned that TLE is with levy of Liquidated Damages ('LD') on account of delay in completion of the project. As per the terms of the contract with the customer, the management has estimated that potential amount of LD is ₹ 206.60 million.

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For further information of contingent liability as per Ind AS 37 'Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets' as on March 31, 2025, see "Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 42 – Contingent Liabilities" on page 373.

**25. We have witnessed negative operating cash flows (continuing operations) in Fiscal 2024. Any negative operating cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial condition.**

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our net cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities (continuing operations) for the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities (continuing operations)</td><td>6,465.82</td><td>(1,657.14)</td><td>5,341.74</td></tr></tbody></table>

We witnessed negative operational cash flow (continuing operations) in Fiscals 2024 due to working capital changes, primarily consisting of increase in trade receivables of ₹ 3,702.57 million, increase in other financial assets of ₹ 2,232.17 million and increase in other assets of ₹ 1,027.21 million.

Negative operating cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows – Continuing Operations" on page 457.

**26. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future.**

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm's length basis, in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had been entered into with unrelated parties.

Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. While all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to Board or Shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable laws, we cannot assure you that any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. Any future related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest, which may be detrimental to us and against the interest of prospective investors. In addition, we cannot assure you that relevant shareholders' approval will be received for all material related party transactions and, accordingly, certain transactions which may be favourable to us may not be executed. The following table provides a brief overview of our related party transactions (net of inter company eliminations) for the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Arithmetic aggregated absolute total of total income from related parties (net of inter company eliminations) (A)</td><td>8,314.26</td><td>11,673.77</td><td>8,197.41</td></tr><tr><td>Total income (continuing operations) (B)</td><td>49,974.03</td><td>49,548.34</td><td>32,913.02</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Arithmetic aggregated absolute total of</strong></td><td><strong>16.64%</strong></td><td><strong>23.56%</strong></td><td><strong>24.91%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>