# MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion is intended to convey the management's perspective on our financial condition and results of operations for the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 and should be read in conjunction with "Restated Consolidated Financial Information" on page 292.

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual financial performance may materially vary from the conditions contemplated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see "Forward-Looking Statements" on page 42. Also see "Risk Factors" and "Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations and Financial Condition" on pages 44 and 428, respectively, for a discussion of certain factors that may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

Our Company's financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 included herein is derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Board of Directors approved a scheme of arrangement dated September 28, 2023 (the "Scheme") between our Company, Sterlite Electric Limited (formerly Sterlite Power Transmission Limited), Sterlite Grid 5 Limited ("SGL5") and their respective shareholders and creditors for the demerger of the Infrastructure Business into SGL 5. The Scheme was sanctioned by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai bench vide its order dated September 5, 2024. The aforesaid Scheme meets the criteria prescribed in Ind AS 105 "Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations" to be considered as discontinued operation, hence Infrastructure Business has been disclosed as discontinued operation in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information till the effective date i.e., September 26, 2024. For further information, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments or slump sale of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last 10 years - Scheme of arrangement between Sterlite Grid 5 Limited, our Company and their respective shareholders" on page 254. Also, see "Risk Factors – Our financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with our financial information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025." on page 65. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to "the Company" or "our Company" are to Sterlite Electric Limited on a standalone basis and references to "we", "us" or "our" are to Sterlite Electric Limited on a consolidated basis.

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled "Assessment of cables, conductors industries and investments in power sector in India" dated September 2025 (the "CRISIL Report") prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited, pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 20, 2025. The CRISIL Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. The data included herein includes excerpts from the CRISIL Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at www.sterliteelectric.com/investors. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year/ Fiscal refers to such information for the relevant calendar year/ Fiscal. For further information, see "Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which is a paid report and commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks." on page 66. Also see, "Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data" on page 41.

## Overview

We are a manufacturer of capital goods and a provider of system integration solutions, specializing in the power transmission and distribution industry for both domestic and international markets. We manufacture and supply a wide range of overhead conductors, power cables supply and solutions, optical ground wire, and provide master system integration services. For details in relation to our business, see "Our Business" on page 222.

## Significant factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition

Our business, prospects, results of operations and financial conditions are affected by a number of factors, including the following:

### Growth in the power transmission and distribution infrastructure in India and globally

The growth of our business is directly linked to the growth of the power transmission and distribution ("Power T&D") infrastructure in India and globally. According to the CRISIL Report, in order to meet the rising demand, the power sector in