our revenue from operations (continuing operations) for the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended March<br>31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March<br>31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Carriage outwards (continuing operations) (A)</td><td>1,176.78</td><td>1,005.52</td><td>1,325.20</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations (continuing operations) (B)</td><td>49,557.60</td><td>49,178.94</td><td>32,786.46</td></tr><tr><td>Carriage outwards (continuing operations) as a percentage of revenue from operations (continuing operations) (%)(C= A/B multiplied by 100)</td><td>2.37%</td><td>2.04%</td><td>4.04%</td></tr></tbody></table>

We engage third-party logistic service providers to provide support our transportation requirements on a need basis. In the event that these third party logistic service providers are unable to provide services for our operations for reasons which are beyond our control and we are unable to secure alternate transport arrangements in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, or at all, our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and reputation may be adversely affected. Disruptions of transportation services because of natural disasters, pandemics, mass protests, civil unrest, strikes, lockouts or other events may affect our delivery schedules and impair our supply to our customers. While we have not experienced any such disruptions that affected our delivery schedule and impaired supply of our products to our customers or the supply of raw material in the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future.

**30. Certain unsecured loans have been availed by us which may be recalled by lenders.**

As of March 31, 2025, we had unsecured loans of ₹ 1,021.16 million which were availed for working capital and general corporate purposes and are repayable on demand by lenders. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, we would need to repay from our internal accruals which may affect our ability to undertake new projects or complete our ongoing projects or find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. For further information, see "Financial Indebtedness" on page 467.

**31. We do not own the trademark, name and logo 'STERLITE', and our ability to use the name and logo may be impaired. Any reputational damage to this trademark, name or logo could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.**

The word and logo "STERLITE" and its related reputation is key to our business. However, the word and logo ("Trademark") do not belong to us. We use the Trademark under the terms of trademark license agreement dated April 1, 2022 read with amendment agreement dated February 7, 2025 ("Trademark License Agreement") entered into between our Company and Sterlite Technologies Limited ("STL"). In terms of the Trademark License Agreement, STL has granted our Company, non-exclusive, irrevocable and non-assignable right and license for, *inter alia*, usage of the word and logo 'STERLITE', with respect to or in connection with the commercial activity of our Company. For further information on this arrangement, see "History and Certain Corporate Matters - Other material agreements" on page 258.

We cannot assure you that the Trademark will not be adversely affected in the future by events such as actions that are beyond our control, including action or inaction of entities using the trademark, name or logo, regulatory actions against such companies or adverse publicity from any other source. Further, any potential termination of the Trademark License Agreement, despite its purported irrevocable nature could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, any damage to this Trademark could attract public scrutiny and negative media attention.

**32. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operation.**

We have 11 registered patents and one copyright. Further, we have also made a request for examination of one patent, which is under process. For further information, see "Our Business – Intellectual Property" and "Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual Property Rights" on pages 242 and 481, respectively. The unauthorised use of our registered patents, copyright, trademark by third parties could adversely affect our reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The measures we take to protect our registered patents, and trademarks may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our registered patents and trademarks by third parties.

Further, the defence of intellectual property suits and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time-consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our services or proprietary information. In addition, despite our efforts to comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-