# DIVIDEND POLICY

The declaration and payment of dividends on our Equity Shares, if any, will be recommended by our Board to the Shareholders for their approval, at their discretion, subject to compliance with the provisions of the Articles of Association, Companies Act, including the rules made thereunder and other relevant regulations, if any, each as amended. Further the Board shall also have the absolute power to declare interim dividend in compliance with the Act. The dividend distribution policy of our Company was approved and adopted by our Board on December 12, 2024, and further amended by the resolution passed by our Board on June 26, 2025.

The declaration and payment of dividend will depend on a number of internal and external factors. Some of the internal factors on the basis of which our Company may declare dividend shall *inter alia* include financial commitments with respect to outstanding borrowings and interest thereon, financial requirement for business expansion and/or diversification, acquisition, etc., of new businesses, present and future capital expenditure plans of our Company including organic/ inorganic growth opportunities, our Company's liquidity position including its present and expected obligations and cost of borrowings. The external factors on the basis of which our Company may declare the dividend shall *inter alia* include the state of economy and capital markets requiring our Company to maintain liquidity, evaluation of whether there are any exceptional circumstances in the global market, regulatory changes including introduction of new or changes in existing tax or regulatory requirements (including dividend distribution tax) having significant impact on our Company's operations or finances.

Except as disclosed below, our Company has not declared any dividends during the last three Fiscals and in the current Fiscal until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, on the Equity Shares or CCPS:

Details of dividends distributed on the Equity Shares are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>From April 1, 2025, till the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>No. of Equity Shares</td><td>125,749,724</td><td>125,749,724</td><td>122,429,957</td><td>122,363,804</td></tr><tr><td>Face value per share (in ₹)</td><td>2.00</td><td>2.00</td><td>2.00</td><td>2.00</td></tr><tr><td>Interim Dividend (₹ in million)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>122.30*</td></tr><tr><td>Final Dividend (₹ in million)</td><td>7,544.90**</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Total Dividend (₹ in million)</td><td>7,544.90</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>122.30</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend per share (in ₹)</td><td>6.00</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1.00</td></tr><tr><td>Rate of dividend (%)</td><td>300%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>50%</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend Distribution Tax (%)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend Distribution Tax (in ₹ million)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of payment of dividend</td><td>Bank transfer</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>Bank transfer</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Our Board has on March 24, 2023, considered and declared an interim dividend of ₹1.00 per share on each fully paid-up equity shares having face value of ₹ 2 each, for the Fiscal 2023.

** Our Board has on June 26, 2025, considered and declared final dividend of ₹ 6.00 per share on each fully paid-up equity shares of face value of ₹ 2.00 for the Fiscal 2025.

Details of dividends distributed on the CCPS are as follows:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>From April 1, 2025, till the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>No. of preference Shares</td><td>15,317,134</td><td>15,317,134</td><td>Nil</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td>Face value per preference share (in ₹)</td><td>10.00</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Coupon rate</td><td>0.001%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Pari-passu dividend to equity (per CCPS) (in ₹)</td><td>6.00</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Interim Dividend</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Final Dividend (₹ in million)</td><td>91.9*</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Total Dividend (₹ in million)</td><td>91.9</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend Distribution Tax (%)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Dividend Distribution Tax (in ₹ million)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of payment of dividend</td><td>Bank transfer</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Final dividend declared on outstanding preference shares @ 0.001% per annum for Fiscal 2025. Additionally, dividend declared on the Equity Shares made available to CCPS on pari-passu basis.

The past trend in relation to our payment of dividends is not necessarily indicative of our dividend trend or dividend policy, in the future. There is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in the future. For details in relation to risks involved in this regard, see “Risk Factors – Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures and the terms of our financing arrangements” on page 68.

291