1. The Government of India enacted 'The Code on Wages, 2019' which received the assent of the President of India on August 8, 2019. Through its notification dated December 18, 2020, the GoI brought into force Sections 42(1), 42(2), 42(3), 42(10), 42(11), 67(ii)(s), 67(ii)(t) (to the extent that they relate to the Central Advisory Board) and Section 69 (to the extent that it relates to Sections 7, 9 (to the extent that they relate to the GoI and Section 8 of the Minimum Wages Act, 1948) and of the Code on Wages, 2019. The remaining provisions of this code are proposed to be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Central Government. It proposes to subsume four separate legislations, namely, the Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and the Equal Remuneration Act, 1976.
2. The Government of India enacted 'The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020' which received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. The provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Central Government. It proposes to subsume several separate legislations, including the Factories Act, 1948, the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, the Inter-State Migrant Workmen (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1979 and the Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1996.
3. The Government of India enacted 'The Industrial Relations Code, 2020' which received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. The provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Central Government. It proposes to subsume three separate legislations, namely, the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947, the Trade Unions Act, 1926 and the Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946.
4. The Government of India enacted 'The Code on Social Security, 2020' which received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. While Section 142 has been brought into force on May 3, 2021, the rest of the provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Central Government. It proposes to subsume several separate legislations including the Employees' Compensation Act, 1923, the Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948, the Employees' Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, the Building and Other Construction Workers' Welfare Cess Act, 1996 and the Unorganised Workers' Social Security Act, 2008.

## Foreign investment laws

### Foreign investment regulations

Foreign investment in India is governed by the provisions of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, along with the rules, regulations and notifications made by the Reserve Bank of India thereunder, and the consolidated FDI Policy (the "Consolidated FDI Policy"), effective from October 15, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, and any modifications thereto or substitutions thereof, issued from time to time.

In terms of the Consolidated FDI Policy, foreign investment is permitted (except in the prohibited sectors) in Indian companies either through the automatic route or the Government route, depending upon the sector in which foreign investment is sought to be made. In terms of the Consolidated FDI Policy, the work of granting government approval for foreign investment under the Consolidated FDI Policy and FEMA Regulations has now been entrusted to the concerned administrative ministries or departments. Foreign direct investment for the items or activities that cannot be brought in under the automatic route may be brought in through the approval route. Where foreign direct investment is allowed on an automatic basis without the approval of the Government, the RBI would continue to be the primary agency for the purposes of monitoring and regulating foreign investment. In cases where Government approval is obtained, no approval of the RBI is required except with respect to fixing the issuance price, although a declaration in the prescribed form, detailing the foreign investment, must be filed with the RBI once the foreign investment is made in the Indian company. Under the current Consolidated FDI Policy, 100% foreign investment is permitted in 'Manufacturing' sector under automatic route.

### The Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 and the rules framed thereunder ("FTA")

The FTA is the main legislation concerning foreign trade in India. The FTA, read along with the Foreign Trade (Regulation) Rules, 1993, provides for the development and regulation of foreign trade by facilitating imports into, and augmenting exports from, India and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. It authorizes the government to formulate as well as announce the export and import policy and to keep amending the same on a timely basis. The government has also been given a wide power to prohibit, restrict and regulate the exports and imports in general as well as specified cases of foreign trade. The FTA read with the Foreign Trade Policy, 2023, prohibits anybody from undertaking any import or export except under an importer-exporter code ("IEC") number granted by the Director General of Foreign Trade. Hence, every entity in India engaged in any activity involving import/export is required to obtain an IEC unless specifically exempted from doing so. The IEC shall be valid until it is cancelled by the issuing authority. An IEC number allotted to an applicant is valid for all its branches, divisions, units and factories. Failure to obtain the IEC number shall attract penalty under the FTA.

## Other applicable laws

In addition to the above, our Company is required to comply with the provisions of various fire-safety related laws, Indian Contract Act, 1872, Companies Act, Transfer of Property Act, 1882, Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, SEBI Listing Regulations, RBI guidelines, IBC, and other applicable laws and regulations imposed by the central and state governments and other authorities for its day-to-day operations.