separate derivatives and recorded at fair value if their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not held for trading or designated at fair value though profit or loss. These embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss, unless designated as effective hedging instruments.

### Reclassification of financial assets

The Group determines classification of financial assets and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial recognition, no reclassification is made for financial assets which are equity instruments and financial liabilities. For financial assets which are debt instruments, a reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Group's senior management determines change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which are significant to the Group's operations. Such changes are evident to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Group either begins or ceases to perform an activity that is significant to its operations. If the Group reclassifies financial assets, it applies the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period following the change in business model. The Group does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.

The following table shows various reclassification and how they are accounted for:

<table><thead><tr><td>Original classification</td><td>Revised Classification</td><td>Accounting treatment</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Amortised Cost</td><td>FVTPL</td><td>Fair value is measured at reclassification date. Difference between previous amortised cost and fair value is recognised in statement of profit and loss.</td></tr><tr><td>FVTPL</td><td>Amortised Cost</td><td>Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new gross carrying amount. EIR is calculated based on the new gross carrying amount.</td></tr><tr><td>Amortised Cost</td><td>FVTOCI</td><td>Fair value is measured at reclassification date. Difference between previous amortised cost and fair value is recognised in OCI. No change in EIR due to reclassification.</td></tr><tr><td>FVTOCI</td><td>Amortised Cost</td><td>Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new amortised cost carrying amount. However, cumulative gain or loss in OCI is adjusted against fair value. Consequently, the asset is measured as if it had always been measured at amortised cost.</td></tr><tr><td>FVTPL</td><td>FVTOCI</td><td>Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new carrying amount. No other adjustment is required.</td></tr><tr><td>FVTOCI</td><td>FVTPL</td><td>Assets continue to be measured at fair value. Cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified to statement of profit and loss at the reclassification date.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

### s) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.