**63. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins.

In addition, China is one of India's major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States of America, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. In particular, the ongoing military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, Israel and Iran, and Israel and Palestine could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the worldwide financial markets and economy. Increased economic volatility and trade restrictions could result in increased volatility in the markets for certain securities and commodities and may cause inflation. Any other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Further, the imposition of tariffs by the US government under its "Fair and Reciprocal Plan" may impact Indian businesses, especially those with a substantial export presence in the US market. This policy has resulted in the imposition of tariffs across a diverse range of sectors. As a result, Indian exporters may encounter heightened costs and uncertainties, potentially constraining their market competitiveness and profitability. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilising effects.

**64. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition.**

The Restated Consolidated Financial Information is derived from our audited financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind AS and restated in accordance with requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, 2013 (as amended), the SEBI ICDR Regulations (as amended) and the Guidance Note on "Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)" issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. We have not attempted to quantify their impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly.

**65. We may be affected by competition laws in India, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business.**

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended ("Competition Act"), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India ("AAEC"). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of consumers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished.