party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our manufacturing processes, obtain additional licenses or cease parts of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third-parties asserting infringement and other related claims. Regardless of their merits, such claims could materially and adversely affect our relationships with current or future customers, result in costly litigation, delay or disrupt supply of products, divert management's attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities, or require us to cease certain activities. We may not achieve a favourable outcome in any such litigation. While we have not experienced instances of infringement of our registered patents, copyright and trademarks in the past three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future.

**33. Our Corporate Promoter does not possess adequate experience in our line of business and has not actively participated in the business activities we undertake, which may have an adverse impact on the management and operations of our Company.**

Our Corporate Promoter is a financial investor in our Company and does not possess adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company and has not actively participated in the business activities undertaken by our Company. We cannot assure you that this lack of adequate experience of our Corporate Promoter will not have any adverse impact on the management and operations of our Company. For further details of our Promoters, see "*Our Promoters and Promoter Group*" on page 279.

**34. Our Company has in the past withdrawn its application for listing its redeemable preference shares and any disputes in the future related to this may result in litigation or other adverse consequences.**

Our Company was required to list its 17,900,190 redeemable preference shares of face value of ₹ 2 each issued pursuant to the STL Demerger Scheme. Our Company received the in-principle approval from NSE for listing of the redeemable preference shares subject to compliance with certain conditions, including seeking a relaxation under applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares) Regulations, 2013 from SEBI. Accordingly, our Company made an application before SEBI for such relaxation which was not acceded to by SEBI due to alleged violations of certain provisions of the Companies Act, the SEBI NCRPS Regulations and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares) Regulations, 2013. Accordingly, for the purposes of protecting the interest of and providing an exit mechanism to the redeemable preference shareholders, our Company varied the terms of the redeemable preference shares for an early redemption at the redemption value set out in the STL Demerger Scheme. Such variation was approved by our Board by way of their resolution dated November 13, 2017, and the redeemable preference shareholders by way of a resolution dated December 21, 2017. Consequently, our Company withdrew the application for listing of the redeemable preference shares and the redeemable preference shares were redeemed. For details, please see, "*History and Certain Corporate Matters - Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments or slump sale of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last 10 years - Scheme of arrangement between Sterlite Technologies Limited ("STL"), our Company and their respective shareholders and creditors as sanctioned by the High Court of Bombay by way of its order dated April 22, 2016*" on page 253. Any disputes in the future related to this may result in litigation or other adverse consequences.

**35. If we inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected.**

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licences or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be subject to costly litigation or may be required to obtain a licence, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology/procedures/products, which can be extremely costly. Further, necessary licences may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. An inadvertent breach or any misuse of intellectual property or proprietary data by any of our employees or sub-contractors may expose us to expensive infringement claims and may diminish our goodwill and reputation, making it difficult for us to operate our business and compete effectively. While we have not experienced any such instances in the past three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future.

**36. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding the purchase of certain plant, machineries and equipment which is subject to cost escalation. We are yet to place orders for purchase of such plant, machineries and equipment and there can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such equipment and machinery, in a timely manner or at all. Further, we have not entered into any definitive arrangements and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost for such capital expenditure requirements.**

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Offer for the purposes described in the section titled "*Objects of the Offer*" on page 118. One of the Objects of the Offer is to utilise Net Proceeds for funding of capital expenditure requirements for expansion through purchase of plant, machineries and equipment by our Company.