distribution, trading, supply, or usage. These regulations encompass general safety guidelines for the construction, installation, protection, operation, and maintenance of electric supply lines and apparatus.

**Consumer Protection Act, 2019 (the "Consumer Protection Act") and the rules made thereunder**

The Consumer Protection Act, which repeals the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, was designed and enacted to provide simpler and quicker access to redress consumer grievances. It seeks, inter alia to promote and protects the interests of consumers against deficiencies and defects in goods or services and secure the rights of a consumer against unfair trade practices, which may be practiced by manufacturers, service providers and traders. The definition of "consumer" has been expanded under the Consumer Protection Act to include persons engaged in offline or online transactions through electronic means or by tele-shopping or direct-selling or multi-level marketing. One of the substantial changes introduced by Consumer Protection Act is inclusion of the e-commerce industry under Consumer Protection Act with "e-commerce" defined to refer to the buying and selling of goods or services over digital or electronic network. Therefore, the Consumer Protection Act aims to cover entities that are involved in the process of selling goods or services online. It provides for the establishment of consumer disputes redressal forums and commissions for the purposes of redressal of consumer grievances. In addition to awarding compensation and/or passing corrective orders, the forums and commissions under the Consumer Protection Act, in cases of misleading and false advertisements, are empowered to impose imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years and fine which may extend to ten lakh. In cases of manufacturing for sale or storing, selling or distributing or importing products containing an adulterant, the imprisonment may vary between six months to seven years and fine between one lakh to ten lakh depending upon the nature of injury to the consumer.

**Permission from Municipal Authorities/Zila Parishad/Gram Panchayat/ any other local authority**

The local laws of many states in India require that in order to set up infrastructure, 'no objection certificates', change of user of land from local authority as applicable, such as, municipal authorities, zila parishad or gram panchayat in whose jurisdiction such infrastructure is being constructed are to be obtained. For instance, in the State of Maharashtra, Section 44 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, 1966 specifies that any person intending to carry on any development on any land has to obtain permission from the planning authority by making an application in writing. On receipt of such application, the planning authority by under Section 45 of the aforesaid legislation, grant such permission unconditionally, or subject to such conditions as may be imposed with the prior consent of the State Government. Such permission would be granted in form of a commencement certificate. Similar restrictions upon the development of land are laid down under Section 12 and 13 of the Delhi Development Act, 1957, as amended.

**Customs Act, 1962 ("Customs Act")**

The provisions of the Customs Act and the rules made thereunder are applicable to imported goods i.e., goods brought into India from a place outside India (except goods cleared for home consumption) and export goods i.e., goods which are to be taken out of India to a place outside India.

**Legal Metrology Act, 2009**

The Legal Metrology Act provides that the units of weights and measures must be in accordance with the metric system based on the international system of units, and prohibits quotations made otherwise. The Legal Metrology (General) Rules, 2011, which came into force on April 1, 2011, also provide the detailed specifications of standard weights and measures and the standard equipment. The Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011, which also came into force on April 1, 2011, provide the specifications with respect to price, origin, expiry date and other details which are required to be mentioned on the label of products. The Legal Metrology Act regulates the trade and commerce in weights and measures, and provides for the appointment of a director, controller and other legal metrology officers, and empowers them to undertake inspection or forfeiture to ensure compliance with its provisions. It provides for imposition of penalty on use of non-standard, or unverified weights and measures, and for making any transaction, deal or contract in contravention of the standards weights and measures. The Legal Metrology Act allows companies to nominate a person who will be held responsible for the breach of provisions of this legislation.

**Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 ("Bureau of Indian Standards Act")**

The Bureau of Indian Standards Act establishes, publishes and regulates national standards to ensure conformity assessment, standardisation, and quality assurance of goods, articles, processes, systems and services. The Bureau of Indian Standards Act provides for the establishment of a bureau for the standardization, marking and quality certification of goods. The Bureau of Indian Standards Act provides for the functions of the bureau which include, among others (a) adopting as Indian standard, any standard established for any goods, article, process, system or service by any other institution in India or elsewhere; (b) specifying a standard mark to be called the Bureau of Indian Standards Certification Mark which shall be of such design and contain such particulars as may be prescribed to represent a particular Indian standard; and (c) making such inspection and taking such samples of any material or substance as may be necessary to see whether any goods, article, process, system or service in relation to which the standard mark has been used conforms to the relevant standard or whether the standard mark