funds with a minimum corpus of ₹250 million (subject to applicable law) and pension funds with a minimum corpus of ₹250 million, a certified copy of the power of attorney or the relevant resolution or authority, as the case may be, along with a certified copy of the memorandum of association and articles of association and/or bye laws must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs reserve the right to accept or reject any Bid in whole or in part, in either case, without assigning any reason thereof.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs in their absolute discretion, reserve the right to relax the above condition of simultaneous lodging of the power of attorney along with the Bid cum Application Form subject to the terms and conditions that our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs may deem fit.

## Bids by Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Companies

In case of Bids made by Systemically Important NBFCs registered with RBI, certified copies of: (i) the certificate of registration issued by RBI, (ii) certified copy of its last audited financial statements on a standalone basis and a net worth certificate from its statutory auditor, and (iii) such other approval as may be required by the Systemically Important NBFCs, are required to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable law. Systemically Important NBFCs participating in the Offer shall comply with all applicable regulations, guidelines and circulars issued by RBI from time to time, including the Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Non-Banking Financial Company – Scale Based Regulation) Directions, 2023, as amended.

The investment limit for Systemically Important NBFCs shall be as prescribed by RBI from time to time.

### In accordance with existing regulations issued by the RBI, OCBs cannot participate in the Offer.

The above information is given for the benefit of the Bidders. Our Company, the Selling Shareholders and the BRLMs are not liable for any amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that any single Bid from them does not exceed the applicable investment limits or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or regulation or as specified in the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, when filed. Further, each Bidder where required must agree in the Allotment Advice that such Bidder will not sell or transfer any Equity Shares or any economic interest therein, including any off-shore derivative instruments, such as participatory notes, issued against the Equity Shares or any similar security, other than in accordance with applicable laws.

## Information for Bidders

The relevant Designated Intermediary will enter a maximum of three Bids at different price levels opted in the Bid cum Application Form and such options are not considered as multiple Bids. It is the Bidder's responsibility to obtain the acknowledgment slip from the relevant Designated Intermediary. The registration of the Bid by the Designated Intermediary does not guarantee that the Equity Shares shall be allocated/Allotted. Such Acknowledgement Slip will be non-negotiable and by itself will not create any obligation of any kind. When a Bidder revises his or her Bid, he/she shall surrender the earlier Acknowledgement Slip and may request for a revised acknowledgment slip from the relevant Designated Intermediary as proof of his or her having revised the previous Bid.

In relation to electronic registration of Bids, the permission given by the Stock Exchanges to use their network and software of the electronic bidding system should not in any way be deemed or construed to mean that the compliance with various statutory and other requirements by our Company and/or the BRLMs are cleared or approved by the Stock Exchanges; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of compliance with the statutory and other requirements, nor does it take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of our Company, the management or any scheme or project of our Company; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of the contents of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or the Red Herring Prospectus; nor does it warrant that the Equity Shares will be listed or will continue to be listed on the Stock Exchanges.