our Individual Promoter have filed an appeal against the Order II before the High Court of Bombay ("Appeal"). The High Court of Bombay has directed the Adjudicating Authority to refrain from taking any coercive action subject to Vedanta Limited Anil Agarwal, our Individual Promoter furnishing a bank guarantee. The bank guarantee has since been furnished, and the matter is currently pending.

3. Cairn UK Holdings Limited ("CUHL") filed a complaint on the SEBI complaint redress system ("Complaint") alleging non-payment of dividend amounting to ₹3,406.50 million by Cairn India Limited (now merged with Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies) ("CIL") in respect of the equity shares held by CUHL in CIL. SEBI disposed of the Complaint on the ground that the unpaid dividends had been paid to the Government of India pursuant to the recovery notice issued by the Deputy Commissioner of Income Tax and the said matter was pending before the relevant income tax authorities. CUHL filed an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal ("SAT") challenging the disposal of the Complaint by SEBI. Subsequently, the SAT directed SEBI to reconsider the Complaint for violation of provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI Listing Regulations for non-payment of dividends. Basis re-examination, SEBI disposed of the Complaint on the ground that inter alia there was absence of mens rea on the part of CIL, which is required to constitute an offence under Section 127 of the Companies Act ("Disposal of Complaint"). CUHL challenged the Disposal of Complaint before the SAT. The SAT observed that a prima-facie case was made out by CUHL and directed SEBI to investigate the alleged violations of the Companies Act and SEBI Listing Regulations within six months ("SAT Order"). SEBI filed an appeal before the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court upheld the SAT Order and extended the time for completing the enquiry. Thereafter, SEBI issued a show cause notice dated June 6, 2023, to Vedanta Limited, its directors, Navin Agarwal and Priya Agarwal Hebbar and others (collectively, "Parties") to show cause as to why suitable directions should not be initiated for inter alia alleged violations of certain provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI Listing Regulations for non-payment of dividend. Pursuant to an order ("Order") dated March 12, 2024, SEBI directed Vedanta Limited to pay CUHL ₹776.3 million, that is simple interest at the rate of 18% per annum for delayed payment of dividend, due and payable to CUHL within 45 days of the Order and pursuant to its directions inter alia (a) restrained Vedanta Limited's director, Navin Agarwal and certain others from accessing the securities market and further prohibited from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, or being associated with securities market in any manner, whatsoever, for a period of two months from the date of the Order; and (b) restrained Vedanta Limited's director, Priya Agarwal Hebbar and certain others from accessing the securities market and further prohibited from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, or being associated with securities market for a period of one month from the date of the Order. Aggrieved by the Order, the Parties filed an appeal before SAT and subsequently, SAT, via order dated March 20, 2024, granted a stay on the effect and operation of the Order subject to payment of 50% of the interest amount by Vedanta Limited to CUHL. The aforesaid payment of 50% of the interest amount was deposited by Vedanta Limited. The matter is currently pending before the SAT.

4. SEBI issued a show cause notice ("Notice") to Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies and others, alleging that pursuant to an investigation, it had observed that Cairn India Limited (now merged with Vedanta Limited) ("CIL") had made a misleading announcement in relation to a buyback without any intention to fulfil the same. Pursuant to the Notice, SEBI directed Vedanta Limited and others to show cause as to why (a) an enquiry shall not be held against them; and (b) penalty shall not be imposed under Section 15HB of the SEBI Act for violation of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003 ("PFUTP Regulations") and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback) Regulations, 1998 ("Buyback Regulations"). Subsequently, the Adjudicating Officer, SEBI ("AO") held Vedanta Limited to be in violation of the provisions of the PFUTP Regulations and Buyback Regulations ("Order") and imposed a penalty of ₹52.50 million on Vedanta Limited for making misleading announcement in relation to a buyback of its shares. Vedanta Limited filed an appeal against the Order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal ("SAT") contending inter alia that it cannot be conclusively proved that Vedanta Limited made such misleading announcement in relation to a buyback of its shares. Pursuant to its order, SAT set aside the Order ("SAT Order"). SEBI has filed an appeal before the Supreme Court challenging the SAT Order. The matter is currently pending.

5. SEBI has passed an adjudication order dated June 30, 2023, against Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies imposing a penalty of ₹3.00 million for violation of Regulation 4(1)(c), 30(11) read with 30(12) and 46(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations. The notice was issued as a result of a press release being inadvertently published on the letterhead of the company stating that "Vedanta signs MoUs with Government of Gujarat to set up semiconductors and display fab units". Vedanta Limited has subsequently paid such penalty on July 13, 2023, in accordance with SEBI Listing Regulations.

6. Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies received a letter from NSE on March 6, 2023, annexing therewith a letter dated February 29, 2024 issued by SEBI vide which an administrative warning had been issued to Vedanta