Limited for violations under Sections 12A (a), (b), (c) of SEBI Act, 1992 read with Regulations 3 (b), (c), (d), 4(1) and 4(2) (k) & (r) of SEBI (PFUTP) Regulations, 2013. Vedanta Limited was directed to place the said letter before its board of directors and take necessary corrective steps to strengthen the internal control for corporate announcement / press releases.

7. Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies received an email from BSE on August 30, 2024 for imposition of fine of ₹ 10,000 plus GST for non-compliance with Regulation 60(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations pertaining to delay in submission of the notice of record date for the interest payment of non-convertible debentures ("NCDs") under ISIN INE205A07253. The NCDs were listed in the month of July 2024. Vedanta Limited had received the listing approval at the same time when the filing for record date became due. Considering the overlap of timelines, the Stock Exchanges granted waiver of the said fine imposed on Vedanta Limited vide email dated November 5, 2024.

8. Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies received notices dated December 14, 2023, from the Stock Exchanges for non-compliance with Regulation 29 of SEBI Listing Regulations for delay in filing prior notice of board meeting for Q2 FY24 results with the stock exchanges for which a penalty of ₹ 10,000 plus GST was levied by each of the Stock Exchanges. The same was paid by Vedanta Limited on December 19, 2023.

9. Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies received a notice vide email dated March 31, 2022, from BSE Limited for non-compliance with the Regulation 54(2) of SEBI Listing Regulations for non-disclosure of extent and nature of security created and maintained with respect to secured listed NCDs in the financial statements. In this regard, a penalty of ₹ 45,000 plus GST was levied on Vedanta Limited, and the same was paid on April 2, 2022.

10. SEBI issued a warning letter dated August 13, 2025, to Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies for non-compliance in relation to the modification of the scheme of arrangement filed with the Stock Exchange (i.e., with respect to withdrawal of Part V of the scheme) without prior written consent of SEBI. Vedanta Limited was advised to exercise caution in future and place the said communication before the board of directors and forward the board of directors' comments to SEBI on satisfaction of corrective actions undertaken to ensure future compliance. The aforementioned letter was placed before the board of Vedanta Limited at its meeting held on August 21, 2025. In the said meeting, the board reviewed and deliberated upon the contents of the letter and recorded its observations. The said observations were communicated to SEBI by way of a letter dated August 22, 2025.

11. Pursuant to Regulation 33 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/140 dated July 29, 2020, the financial results of Vedanta Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 were required to be approved by September 15, 2020. However, the same were approved by the board of directors at its meeting held on October 3, 2020 and Vedanta Limited received notice(s) from BSE and NSE for delay in approval and submission of financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and a fine of ₹ 1,062,000 (inclusive of GST at 18 %) was imposed by each of the Stock Exchanges. The same was paid within the prescribed timeline.

12. Vedanta Limited had delayed submission of intimation under Regulation 29(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations with each of the Stock Exchange(s) with regard to the meeting of the board of directors held on October 3, 2020 to consider the financial results of Vedanta Limited for quarter ended June 30, 2020 and a fine of ₹ 118,000 (inclusive of GST at 18%) was imposed by each of the Stock Exchanges. The same was paid within the prescribed timeline.

### ESL Steel Limited (formerly known as Electrosteel Steels Limited) ("ESL")

1. ESL had applied to SEBI on May 23, 2018, seeking an exemption from providing audited financial results, within the stipulated time period, but the same was rejected by SEBI vide their letter dated June 25, 2018. Thereafter, vide its letter dated July 12, 2018, ESL had requested for extension of time for compliance with Regulation 33 of SEBI Listing Regulations which was rejected by SEBI vide its letter dated August 1, 2018. BSE vide its e-mail dated August 31, 2018 and NSE vide its letter dated June 15, 2018 had imposed penalties on ESL for alleged non-compliance of Regulation 33 of SEBI Listing Regulations, for non-submission of audited financial results for the quarter/year ending March 31, 2018 and un-audited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2018. Thereafter, ESL sent a letter dated September 6, 2018 to SEBI seeking waiver of penalty (imposed by the stock exchanges) for which SEBI vide letter dated October 31, 2018 asked to approach the Stock Exchanges. Further, ESL in its reply to BSE and NSE dated September 13, 2018 stated that the non-compliance was due to insolvency proceedings going on against ESL under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and that ESL had filed the financial accounts on August 29, 2018 and paid the penalty under protest of ₹ 11.43 million each. Vide its letter dated January 1, 2019, ESL has made applications to the Stock Exchanges requesting for waiver of penalty which is under active consideration. Post payment of penalty, BSE has refunded ₹ 1.564 million and NSE has refunded ₹5.26 million. ESL is in continuous touch with Stock Exchange officials and have sought personal hearing in this regard with the Stock Exchange officials. Further, ESL received a mail from SEBI dated September 21, 2022 regarding non-payment of penalty to which adequate reply was