RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991 of the GoI and FEMA. While the Industrial Policy, 1991 prescribes the limits and the conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be made. Under the Industrial Policy, 1991 unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. The Government has from time to time made policy pronouncements on foreign direct investment (“FDI”) through press notes and press releases. The DPIIT, issued the Consolidated FDI Policy, which, with effect from October 15, 2020 consolidated and superseded all previous press notes, press releases, circulars and clarifications on FDI issued by the DPIIT that were in force and effect as on October 15, 2020. The FDI Policy will be valid until the DPIIT issues an updated circular. FDI in companies engaged in sectors/ activities which are not listed in the FDI Policy is permitted up to 100% of the paid-up share capital of such company under the automatic route, subject to compliance with certain prescribed conditions. For further details, see “Key Regulations and Policies” on page 244.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a non-resident does not require the prior approval of the RBI, provided that (i) the activities of the investee company are under the automatic route under the FDI Policy and transfer does not attract the provisions of the SEBI Takeover Regulations; (ii) the non-resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the FDI Policy; and (iii) the pricing is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the SEBI/ RBI.

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country (“Restricted Investors”), will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020, issued on December 8, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such bank or fund in India. Each Bidder should seek independent legal advice about its ability to participate in the Offer. In the event such prior approval of the GoI is required, and such approval has been obtained, the Bidder shall intimate our Company and the Registrar to the Offer in writing about such approval along with a copy thereof within the Offer Period.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in the Offer.

The foreign investment in our Company is governed by inter alia the FEMA, as amended, the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules and the FDI Policy issued and amended by way of press notes.

Our Company is permitted to have 100% foreign ownership under the automatic route.

In terms of the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, for calculating the aggregate holding of FPIs in a company, holding of all registered FPIs shall be included. The aggregate limit for FPI investments shall be the sectoral cap applicable to our Company. In accordance with the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, the total holding by any individual NRI, on a repatriation basis, shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrant. Provided that the aggregate ceiling of 10% may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the general body of the Indian company.

The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws in the United States, and unless so registered, and may not be offered or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are being offered and sold outside the United States in “offshore transactions” as defined in and in reliance on, Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and the applicable laws of the jurisdictions where such offers and sales are made.

The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any other jurisdiction outside India and may not be offered or sold, and Bids may not be made by persons in any such jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction.