limited access to credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, which could lead to an increase in our receivables. We cannot assure you that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. While we have not experienced any significant payment defaults from our customers in the last three Fiscals which had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future. The following table sets forth details of our average credit cycle, as well as our trade receivables as a percentage of revenue from operations (continuing operations), as at and for the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="3">Particular</th><th colspan="3">As at and for the year ended March 31,</th></tr><tr><th>2025</th><th>2024</th><th>2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Average Credit Cycle (Number of Days)<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>86</td><td>106</td><td>165</td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivables (A)</td><td>10,823.80</td><td>12,609.81</td><td>15,996.30</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations (continuing operations) (B)</td><td>49,557.60</td><td>49,178.94</td><td>32,786.46</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Receivables, as a Percentage of Revenue from Operations (continuing operations) (%) (C= A/B multiplied by 100)</td><td>21.84%</td><td>25.64%</td><td>48.79%</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Average Credit Cycle (Number of Days) is calculated as average trade receivables divided by revenue from operations (continuing operations) multiplied by number of days in a year. Average trade receivables are computed as average of trade receivables at the beginning and at the end of the relevant Fiscal. Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 average debtors' calculation includes discontinued business debtors as well.
(2) Financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with the corresponding information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. For further information, see "- Our financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with our financial information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025." on page 65.

Any significant delay in receiving payment or non-receipt of payments from our customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

**20. Our inability to effectively implement our growth strategies may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategies include increasing our presence in international markets, expansion and diversification into allied sectors by leveraging existing capabilities, product diversification with a focus on premium offering, increasing our manufacturing capabilities and optimise operational efficiencies and pursuing inorganic growth through acquisitions and joint ventures. For further information, see "*Our Business – Strategies*" on page 230. We cannot assure you that our future growth strategy will be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. Further, we cannot assure you that our future alliances, collaborations, partnerships, investments or acquisitions will prove value accretive to us. Further, we have recently entered into a binding term sheet dated September 16, 2025, for establishment of a joint venture with a Spanish company to manufacture advanced cable monitoring systems and associated products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate definitive agreements on satisfactory terms, secure adequate financing for the venture, integrate the joint operations effectively. Any of these factors could prevent the joint venture from commencing operations on schedule and achieving anticipated.

Our ability to achieve growth will be subject to a range of factors, including our ability to identify trends and demands in the industry; compete with existing companies in our markets; consistently exercise effective quality control; hire and train qualified personnel and recognition of our brand in new regions. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. We cannot assure you that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. While we have not experienced such instances where our managerial, operational and financial resources were inadequate to service our expansion plans in the past three Fiscals, there can be no assurance that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Our inability to manage our business and implement our growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and profitability.

**21. Our current order book may not necessarily translate into future income in its entirety or could be delayed. Some of our current orders may be modified, cancelled, delayed, put on hold or not fully paid for by our customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.**

Our order book as of a particular date comprises the estimated revenues from the unexecuted portions of all the existing contracts. The order book information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus does not necessarily indicate our future earnings. Our order book should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures. The profitability of a contract in our order book and our cash flows may be affected due to, amongst others, withholding of payments or non-payments by customers or cancellation or termination of existing contracts. We cannot assure you that the income anticipated in our order book will be realised, or, if realised, will be realised on time or result in profits. Any delay, cancellation, execution