Consolidated Summary Statement of Notes and other explanatory information forming part of Restated Consolidated Summary Statements

(All amounts in Rupees million unless otherwise stated)

NOTE 41: CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">31 March 2025<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th colspan="2">31 March 2024<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th rowspan="2">31 March 2023<br>(Rs. in million)</th></tr><tr><th>Continuing operations</th><th>Discontinued operations</th><th>Continuing operations</th><th>Discontinued operations*</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>(a) Commitment related to further investment in joint ventures</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>3,402.36</td><td>2,279.72</td></tr><tr><td>(b) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net of advances)</td><td>1,589.19</td><td>-</td><td>1,341.87</td><td>2.28</td><td>5,534.12</td></tr><tr><td>(c) Commitment towards contracts remaining to be executed for construction of service concession assets and not provided for (net of advances) in India and Brazil</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>19,711.40</td><td>1,355.82</td></tr></tbody></table>

(d) *Entities in power transmission grid business have entered into transmission service agreements (TSAs) with long term transmission customers pursuant to which these entities have committed to transmit power of contracted capacity and have also committed minimum availability of transmission line over the period of respective TSAs. The TSAs contain provision for disincentives and penalties in case of certain defaults.

(e) *The Group has entered into agreements with the lenders of following joint ventures wherein it has committed to hold, together with Infrabridge Infrastructure Investment No.2 S.A R.L. (erstwhile AMP Capital Infrastructure Investment No.2 S.A R.L.) directly or indirectly at all times at least 50% of equity share capital of below mentioned joint venture entities and not to sell, transfer, assign, pledge or create any security interest except pledge of shares to the respective lenders as covered in respective agreements with lenders.

1. Goa-Tamnar Transmission Project Limited

2. Lakadia-Vadodara Transmission Project Limited

3. Mumbai Urja Marg Limited (formerly known as Vapi II-North Lakhimpur Transmission Limited)

4. Udupi Kasargode Transmission Limited

(f) *The Group has entered into agreements with the lenders of following joint ventures wherein it has committed to hold, directly or indirectly at all times at least 51% of equity share capital of below mentioned joint venture entities and not to sell, transfer, assign, pledge or create any security interest except pledge of shares to the respective lenders as covered in respective agreements with lenders.

1. Neemrana II Kotputli Transmission Limited

2. Nangalbibra-Bongaigaon Transmission Limited

3. Kishwar Transmission Limited

4. Fatehgarh III Beawar Transmission Limited

(g) The Group has provided commitment to fund the cost overruns over and above the estimated project cost or cash deficiency if any to the lenders of the project in subsidiaries to the extent as specified in the agreements executed with the respective lenders.

NOTE 42: CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th rowspan="2">31 March 2025<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th colspan="2">31 March 2024<br>(Rs. in million)</th><th rowspan="2">31 March 2023<br>(Rs. in million)</th></tr><tr><th>Continuing operations</th><th>Discontinued operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>1 Disputed liabilities in appeal:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>a) Excise duty</td><td>73.56</td><td>73.56</td><td>-</td><td>73.56</td></tr><tr><td>b) Value Added Tax (VAT), Entry Tax and Central Sales Tax (refer note i below)</td><td>62.05</td><td>89.76</td><td>-</td><td>41.71</td></tr><tr><td>c) Income tax</td><td>4.20</td><td>4.20</td><td>-</td><td>3.91</td></tr><tr><td>d) Goods and service tax (refer note iii below)</td><td>-</td><td>1,827.39</td><td>-</td><td>1,827.39</td></tr><tr><td><strong>2 Liquidated damages claim (refer note iv below)</strong></td><td>206.60</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>3 Bank guarantees given:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>- To long term transmission customers on behalf of its joint ventures</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1,881.99</td><td>822.45</td></tr><tr><td>- For bidding of projects on behalf of its joint venture</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>182.00</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>- On behalf of India Grid Trust ('IGT)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>25.00</td></tr><tr><td>- To India Grid Trust ('IGT') for various claim with respect to sale of investments</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1,046.30</td><td>1,163.04</td></tr><tr><td><strong>4 Corporate/performance guarantees given:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>- To India Grid Trust ('IGT') against earn-outs as mentioned in the share purchase agreement with respect to sale of ENICL</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>350.00</td><td>350.00</td></tr><tr><td>- Given on behalf of its related party revenue contract executed</td><td>1,600.00</td><td>180.00</td><td>-</td><td>188.60</td></tr><tr><td><strong>5 Other Claims:</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>a) Liquidated damages for Khargone Transmission Limited [refer note (v) below]</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>[refer note (vi) below]</td></tr><tr><td>b) Penalty claim for San Francisco (Brazil)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

* The Group has given bank guarantees pertaining to discontinued operations to long term transmission customers on behalf of related parties amounting to Rs. 2,353.74 million and to India Grid Trust ('IGT') for various claim with respect to sale of investments amounting to Rs. 300 million and performance guarantee to insurer on behalf of subsidiaries amounting to Rs. 1,581.04 million which are under process of transferring to Resulting Company (i.e. Sterlite Grid 5 Limited) pursuant to 'Scheme of arrangement' (refer note 51A).

# Out of total contract revenue of Rs 1,600 million outstanding, billed revenue is Rs. 1,039 million.

Further, pursuant to share purchase agreement with India Grid Trust, the Group is to indemnify India Grid Trust for entry tax demand of Rs. Nil (31 March 2024 Rs. 252.31 million, 31 March 2023 Rs. 252.78 million), sales tax demands of Rs. Nil (31 March 2024 Rs. 17.98 million, 31 March 2023: Rs. 19.07 million) and income tax demands of Rs. Nil (31 March 2024 Rs. 28.13 million, 31 March 2023: 27.92 million) in relation to the Companies sold to India Grid Trust. Pursuant to the 'Scheme of arrangement (refer note 51A) the same has been transferred to Resulting Company (i.e. Sterlite Grid 5 Limited) in current year.

(i) The above Value Added Tax, Central Sales Tax and Entry Tax demand (along with the applicable interest, wherever levied) pertains to the following matters.

(a) Value Added Tax, Central Sales Tax and Entry Tax demand of Rs. 14.31 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 14.31 million, 31 March 2023 of Rs. 14.31 million) raised under the Madhya Pradesh VAT Act, 2002 on account of non-submission of the declaration forms E1/EII and Form 3 pending to be received / submitted for the Assessment Year 2015-16. The Company has deposited an amount of Rs. 4.77 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 4.77 million, 31 March 2023 4.77 million) while preferring the appeal in this matter.

(b) Central Sales Tax demand of Rs. 5.53 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 5.53 million, 31 March 2023 Rs. 5.53 million) raised under the West Bengal VAT Act, 2003 on account of non-submission of the declaration forms C pending to be received / submitted for the Assessment Year 2014-15. The Company has deposited an amount of Rs. 0.56 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 0.56 million, 31 March 2023: Rs. 0.56 million) while preferring the appeal in this matter.

(c) Central Sales Tax demand of Rs. 0.88 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 0.88 million, 31 March 2023: Rs. 0.88 million) pertains to the demand raised under the Odisha VAT Act, 2004 on account of non-submission of the E1 declaration forms pending to be received from the suppliers for the Assessment Year 2016-17 and 2017-18. The Company has deposited an amount of Rs. 0.1 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 0.10 million, 31 March 2023: Rs. 0.10 million) while preferring the appeal in this matter.

(d) Value Added Tax demand of Rs. 18.79 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 18.79 million, 31 March 2023: Rs. 18.79 million) raised under the Orissa Value Added Tax Act, 2004+E3313 on account of non-submission of the C Form pending to be received / submitted for the period October 2015 to March 2016, April 2016 to June 2016 and April 2014 to September 2015.

(e) Value Added Tax demand of Rs. 22.54 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 22.54 million, 31 March 2023: Nil) raised under the Punjab Value Added Tax Act, 2004 on account of non-submission of the Statutory forms and on account of difference in turnover reported in return as against statutory forms collected from suppliers. The Company has deposited an amount of Rs. 7.52 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 7.52 million, 31 March 2023: Nil) while filing the appeal before Tribunal in this matter.

(f) Value Added Tax demand of Rs. Nil (31 March 2024 Rs. 27.70 million, 31 March 2023: Nil) raised under the Chhattisgarh Value Added Tax Act, 2004. The demand was raised on account of enhanced Gross Turnover basis revenue reported in GSTR9C and deductions claimed were disallowed. The Company has already submitted reconciliation and back up working to support the same for the FY 2017-18 (Q1). The Company has deposited an amount of Rs. 13.03 million (31 March 2024 Rs. 13.03 million, 31 March 2023: Nil) while filing the appeal before Tribunal in this matter.

The Group is contesting the demand by way of preferring appeals to the higher tax authorities and the management, including its tax advisors, believe that it's position will likely be upheld in the appellate process. No expense has been accrued in the financial statements for the tax demands raised. The management believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and results of the operations.

(ii) During the year ended 31 March 2022, one of the MSME vendor had filed arbitration proceedings against the Group which is pending before Delhi International Arbitration Centre ("DIAC"). The Group had filed a writ petition to Hon'ble Delhi High Court basis which the High Court has ordered DIAC for stay of proceedings. The management doesn't expect the claim to succeed and accordingly no provision for the contingent liability has been recognised in the consolidated financial statements. Subsequent to year end, the DIAC tribunal has concluded that the entire contract, including the arbitration agreement, thereby rendering the work order void ab initio and the arbitration clause inoperative. Accordingly, the dispute is held to be non-arbitrable and has decided the issue in favour of the group.

(iii) During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group had received show cause notice from Directorate General of Goods & Service Tax Intelligence, Surat Zonal Unit. The Group received a demand amounting to Rs. 1,827.39 million for erroneous refund in respect of exports made on payment of IGST under Rule 96(10) of the CGST Rules, 2017. The Group filed writ petition against this demand in Honourable Gujarat High Court and had received stay order against the demand. The Group doesn't expect the claim to succeed and has obtained a legal opinion for the said matter. Accordingly, no provision for contingent liability has been made in the consolidated financial statements. Further, management believes that even if the payment of GST is made, the same will be re-credited to the electronic credit ledger (excluding penalty and interest) and the same can be utilised to pay the output GST liability. Subsequent to year end, the Hon'ble Gujarat High Court vide its order dated 13 June 2025 has disposed of the writ petition in favour of the Group. In view of the Hon'ble High Court, no proceedings could have been initiated against Group to seek recovery of refund previously sanctioned in terms of Rule 96(10) and therefore the impugned show cause notices or impugned orders-in-original are quashed and set aside. Subsequent to year end, the Hon'ble Gujarat High Court vide its order dated 13 June 2025 has disposed of the writ petition in favour of the Group. In view of the Hon'ble High Court, no proceedings could have been initiated against Group to seek recovery of refund previously sanctioned in terms of Rule 96(10) and therefore the impugned show cause notices or impugned orders-in-original are quashed and set aside.

(iv) The Group is executing an engineering, procurement and construction contract for one of the customer. The execution of the contract was delayed due to force majeure events and other factors beyond the control of the Group. Accordingly, the Group requested Time Limit Extension ('TLE') for the execution of the contract as per the terms of the contract with the customer. The customer has issued a letter for TLE but has also mentioned that TLE is with levy of Liquidated Damages ('LD') on account of delay in completion of the project.

As per the terms of the contract with the customer, the management has estimated that potential amount of LD is Rs. 206.60 million. Based on the terms of the contract with the customer and a legal opinion dated 17 June 2025 obtained by the Group, the management believes that the probability of sustainability of levy of LD is very low. Accordingly, the management believes that there is remote probability of outflow of resources and accordingly no provision has been considered in respect of this matter in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025.