in connection with the Offer. However, the Non-Cooperating Individuals, have neither responded to the letters addressed to them nor provided any information or confirmations in this regard to our Company.

Neither the Non-Cooperating Individuals have had any transactions with our Company in the last three Financial Years nor are they associated with our Company, as on the date hereof, in any capacity. Since our Company has not been able to procure relevant information, from, and in relation to, the Non-Cooperating Group, to comply with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company has included disclosures pertaining to the Non-Cooperating Group in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to the best of our Company's knowledge and to the extent the information was available and accessible in the public domain published on the websites of, inter-alia, Watchout Investors, CIBIL, Stock Exchanges, MCA and Crime check. Further, in the absence of such information from the Non-Cooperating Individuals, our Company is also unable to identify an exhaustive list of their relevant entities as members of the Promoter Group, other than to the best of our Company's knowledge and to the extent the information was available and accessible in the public domain. Further, given that the information, as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, is based solely on publicly available information, our Company has not been able to ascertain that these disclosures, or any other confirmations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in relation to Non-Cooperating Group is accurate, complete or up to date. Our Company is not in a position to ascertain the completeness of the publicly available information, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, or any subsequent developments which may impact the disclosures pertaining to Non-Cooperating Group. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the information disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus with respect to Non-Cooperating Group is accurate, complete or up to date. For details, see, "Offer Document Summary - Exemption from complying with any provisions of securities laws, if any, granted by SEBI" on page 38.

Further, our Company has filed an application dated September 29, 2025, with SEBI for seeking exemption under Regulation 300(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, from disclosing the Non-Cooperating Individuals and Non-Cooperating Entities, as part of the promoter group of our Individual Promoter, in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and including their information and confirmations in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**18. We have substantial capital expenditure and may require additional capital and financing in the future and our operations could be affected if we are unable to obtain the required additional capital and financing when needed.**

Our business is capital intensive. We have expanded and upgraded our existing manufacturing facilities in the last three Fiscals. The following table sets forth details of our additions to property, plant and equipment and right-of-use of assets as a percentage of closing value of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets in the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>As at/ for the year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>As at/ for the year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>As at/ for the year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Additions to property, plant and equipment (A)</td><td>1,444.55</td><td>1,272.95</td><td>536.26</td></tr><tr><td>Additions to right-of-use assets (B)</td><td>33.22</td><td>56.58</td><td>6.74</td></tr><tr><td>Total of additions to property, plant and equipment and right-of-use of assets (C = A + B)</td><td>1,477.77</td><td>1,329.53</td><td>543.00</td></tr><tr><td>Closing value of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (D)</td><td>10,063.95</td><td>8,702.68</td><td>7,935.30</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total of additions to property, plant and equipment and right-of-use of assets as a percentage of Closing value of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (%) (E = C/D multiplied by 100)</strong></td><td><strong>14.68%</strong></td><td><strong>15.28%</strong></td><td><strong>6.84%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

Our sources of additional capital, where required to meet our capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. Further, our budgeted resources may prove insufficient to meet our requirements which could drain our internal accruals or compel us to raise additional capital. If we are required to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations.

**19. We are subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments from our customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our products and consequently, we face the risk of uncertainty regarding the receipt of such outstanding amounts. Changes in macroeconomic conditions, such as an increase in interest rates or a credit crisis in the global financial system, could lead to financial difficulties for our customers, including