We intend to expand our cable product range across voltage segments, enhancing our ability to serve a broader spectrum of customer needs. We are focused on offering higher value added products such as MVCC. We plan to manufacture intelligent cables equipped with sensors and monitoring capabilities to ensure efficient energy distribution and improve grid reliability. To achieve this, we have entered into a binding term sheet with a leading technology firm. This partnership will enable us to leverage advanced technologies and expertise in developing innovative cable solutions. We also aim to expand our product portfolio by adding other cables in Extra High Voltage range, including HVDC and in the segment of Ethylene Propylene Rubber ("EPR") cables. These high-voltage and specialized cables will enhance our ability to meet the evolving needs of the power transmission and distribution sector, providing our customers with advanced, reliable, and efficient solutions.

In addition, we intend to drive growth in our MSI business by scaling our turnkey solutions for both uprating and upgrading transmission corridors from 66 kV to 400 kV, through a focused and strategic approach which are as follows:

1. **Selective Bidding Strategy:** We intend to bid only for brownfield expansion and reconductoring projects of existing lines in the Indian market, as well as the replacement of existing overhead conductors with HPCs. This approach allows us to target projects with higher margins and lower risks associated with greenfield developments. We have a robust bidding process which includes technical feasibility, commercial viability and assessment of utility health to ensure selection of right project and right customer.
2. **Technological innovation:** We focus on technological improvement and have incorporated advanced methods such as drone in suitable projects. We implement drone-based stringing to fiberize existing lines, replacing existing earth wire lines with OPGW. We believe these innovations will enhance our operational efficiency and thereby prove our focus on implementing technology related solutions in applicable projects.
3. **Credit-worthy customers.** We will prioritize targeting credit-worthy customers to reduce the number of receivable days and limit credit risk.

Going forwards, we aim to increase our share in uprate segment, gain traction in distribution segment and increase upgrade in selected states having high line density and land scarcity.

**4. Increase our manufacturing capabilities and optimise operational efficiencies**

To support our growth plans and meet increasing demand from existing and new customers, we are in the process of setting up a power cable manufacturing facility at Vadodara (Gujarat). We propose to utilise an estimated amount of ₹ 2,250.00 million from the Net Proceeds towards the funding of capital expenditure requirements for expansion at our Vadodara facility for purchase of plant, machineries and equipment. For further details, see "*Objects of the Offer - Funding of capital expenditure requirements for expansion through purchase of plant, machineries and equipment by our Company*" on page 122. With this, we will develop capability to manufacture up to 550 kV HVDC/AC cables, which will help entering the export EHV market. This facility will have advanced machinery and equipment with IoT capabilities, along with the development of VCV tower of approximately 150m. A dedicated PQ lab will be placed in this facility to expedite the new product development and approvals. We also intend to expand manufacturing capacity for our existing overhead conductors product portfolio to meet the growing market demand and introduce new product variants such twisted conductors.

We will continue to focus on achieving cost leadership by optimizing our production processes and enhancing our sourcing strategies. To do so, we will focus on maintaining a diversified supplier base to secure supply continuity and competitive pricing for aluminium, copper, lead, carbon core, steel, polymers, fibres and logistics. We will continuously localise suppliers and negotiate long-term agreements to shorten lead times and are steadily shifting to higher-value inputs so that we can command better prices and margins.

We will also endeavour to maximize capacity utilization through better 'Overall Equipment Effectiveness', strategic outsourcing based on key performance indicators and Lean Six Sigma methodologies to streamline operations and reduce waste. Lean Six Sigma is a data-driven approach that combines Lean principles, which focus on eliminating waste, with Six Sigma techniques, which aim to reduce defects and variability. Domestically, we will apply 'B3 – Best Benchmark Buy practices', which involve comparing our performance against industry leaders to identify areas for improvement and implement best practices. We will also adhere to design-to-value principles, ensuring that our products are engineered to meet customer needs efficiently without unnecessary costs, thus maintaining quality while optimizing expenses. We will pursue operational expense cost-out measures to reduce ongoing costs and maintain a fully integrated value chain to minimize inefficiencies. We will also embrace end-to-end digitalization to improve supply chain management, production processes, and customer interactions.

**5. Pursue inorganic growth through acquisitions and joint ventures**