has been properly used in relation to any goods, article, process, system or service with or without a license. Further, the Bureau of Indian Standards Act sets out, inter alia, liability for use of standard mark on products that do not conform to the relevant Indian Standard.

**_The Electrical Wires, Cables, Appliances and Protection Devices and Accessories (Quality Control) Order, 2003_**

The Electrical Wires, Cables, Appliances and Protection Devices and Accessories (Quality Control) Order, 2003 ("Order"), prohibits the manufacture, storage for sale, sale and distribution of electrical wires, cables, appliances, protection devices (including low voltage switchgear and fuses) that do not conform to the standards specified in such order and that do not bear the standard mark issued by BIS. The Order imposes a mandatory requirement on manufacturers to obtain a license for the use of the standard mark. The Central Government appoints an officer who is empowered to inspect any books, documents, search any premises, of any person or company engaged in manufacturing, storage, distribution and sale of electrical equipment, he can require such persons to furnish information and samples as the case may be and seize electrical equipment in contravention of the Order.

**_National Policy on Electronics, 2019 ("NPE, 2019")_**

The NPE, 2019 envisions positioning India as a global hub for Electronics System Design and Manufacturing - (ESDM) by encouraging and driving capabilities in the country for developing core components, including chipsets, and creating an enabling environment for the industry to compete globally. The NPE, 2019 replaces the National Policy of Electronics 2012. The NPE, 2019 when implemented will lead to formulation of several schemes, initiatives, projects, etc., in consultation with the concerned ministries/ departments, for the development of the ESDM sector in the country. It will enable flow of investment and technology, leading to higher value addition in the domestically manufactured electronic products, increased electronics hardware manufacturing in the country and their export, while generating substantial employment opportunities.

**_Laws relating to intellectual property_**

**_The Copyright Act, 1957_**

The Copyright Act, 1957, along with the Copyright Rules, 2013 ("Copyright Laws") governs copyright protection in India. A registration under the Copyright Laws acts as prima facie evidence of the particulars entered therein and helps expedite infringement proceedings and reduce delay caused due to evidentiary considerations. The Copyright Laws prescribe a fine, imprisonment or both for violations, with enhanced penalty on second or subsequent convictions.

**_The Trademarks Act, 1999 (the "Trademarks Act")_**

The Trademarks Act governs the statutory protection of trademarks and prevention of the use of fraudulent marks in India. It provides for the application and registration of trademarks in India. It also provides for exclusive rights to marks such as brand, label and heading, and to obtain relief in case of infringement for commercial purposes as a trade description. Under the provisions of the Trade Marks Act, an application for trade mark registration may be made with the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks by any person or persons claiming to be the proprietor of a trade mark, whether individually or as joint applicants, and can be made on the basis of either actual use or intention to use a trade mark in the future. Once granted, a trademark registration is valid for 10 years unless cancelled, subsequent to which, it can be renewed. If not renewed, the trademark lapses and the registration is required to be restored to gain protection under the provisions of the Trademarks Act. The Trademarks Act prohibits registration of deceptively similar trademarks and provides penalties for infringement, falsifying or falsely applying for trademarks. Further, pursuant to the notification of the Trademarks (Amendment) Act, 2010, simultaneous protection of trademark in India and other countries has been made available to owners of Indian and foreign trademarks. It also seeks to simplify the law relating to the transfer of ownership of trademarks by assignment or transmission and to bring the law in line with international practices.

**_The Patents Act, 1970 ("Patents Act")_**

The Patents Act recognises both product and process patents and prescribes eligibility criteria for grant of patents, including the requirement that an invention must satisfy the requirements of novelty, utility and non-obviousness in order for it to avail patent protection. The term of a patent under the Patents Act is twenty years from the date of filing an application for the patent.

**_Shops and establishments legislations_**

Under the provisions of local shops and establishments legislations applicable in the states in India where our establishments are set up and business operations exists, such establishments are required to be registered. Such legislations regulate the working and employment conditions of the workers employed in shops and establishments, including commercial establishments, and provide for fixation of working hours, rest intervals, overtime, holidays, leave, termination of service, maintenance of records, maintenance of shops and establishments and other rights and obligations of the employers and employees. These shops and establishments acts, and the relevant rules framed thereunder, also prescribe penalties in the form