* any changes in the availability of power or water availability which impacts the entire region; and
* failure of a supplier to provide us with the critical raw materials or components for an extended period of time, which could impact continuous supply.

We have not faced any of the aforementioned instances during the past three Fiscals that have adversely affected our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, there is no assurance that our business and financial results may not be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including as a result of any of the factors mentioned above, in the future. Disruption in our manufacturing operations may result in reduced production and reduced sales or higher costs to arrange for alternative arrangements to meet our customer obligations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

5. We derive a portion of our segment revenue from external turnover from continuing operations outside India in accordance with Ind AS 108 'Operating Segments' (20.19%, 33.71% and 35.99% of our revenue from operations (continuing operations) in Fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively). Any adverse events in the countries where we export our products could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We derive a portion of our revenue from outside India. We have served customers in over 70 countries, including USA, Brazil, Sweden, South Africa, Egypt, UAE, Chile, Peru from April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2025. The table below sets forth details of our segment revenue from external turnover from continuing operations outside India in accordance with Ind AS 108 'Operating Segments', expressed as a percentage of revenue from operations (continuing operations) for the years indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2025</th><th>For the year ended<br>March 31, 2024</th><th>For the year ended March<br>31, 2023</th></tr><tr><th colspan="3">(₹ in million unless otherwise stated)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Segment revenue from external turnover from continuing operations outside India (A)</td><td>10,007.07</td><td>16,576.49</td><td>11,800.53</td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from operations (continuing operations) (B)</td><td>49,557.60</td><td>49,178.94</td><td>32,786.46</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Segment revenue from external turnover from continuing operations outside India as a percentage of revenue from operations (continuing operations) (%) (C= A/B)</strong></td><td><strong>20.19%</strong></td><td><strong>33.71%</strong></td><td><strong>35.99%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

An economic slowdown or tightening of laws or regulations in countries to which we export our products may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The countries where we export our products impose varying duties and tariffs on our products. We cannot assure you that the duties imposed by such countries will not increase. Further, social, economic, political, geopolitical conditions and adverse weather conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action would affect our business and operations. While we have not experienced any instance in the last three Fiscals which hindered our ability to export our products outside India, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future.

6. Our products are subject to stringent quality requirements. Any product defects or failure by us or our raw material suppliers to comply with these quality standards could lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, product recalls, warranty claims and exposure to potential product liability claims.

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product defects and subsequent liability claims if the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. We and our component suppliers may not be able to meet regulatory quality standards in India or abroad, or the quality standards imposed by our customers and applicable to our manufacturing processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If any of our products do not meet regulatory standards or are defective, we may be, inter alia, (i) responsible for damages relating to any defective products, (ii) required to replace, recall or redesign such products or (iii) incur significant costs to defend any such claims. While there were instances in the last three Fiscals where the products supplied by us were returned as they were defective, however such instances did not have any material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that such instance will not arise in the future, which may have an impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought against us by our customers for defective products sold. A product liability claim may adversely affect our reputation, as well as entail significant costs. While there have been no instances where we were subject to any product liability claims in the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that we may not experience any product liability losses in the future or that we may not incur significant costs to defend any such claims.

We have provided 12 to 48 months guarantees/ warranties related to manufacturing defects on our products. Any defect in our finished products may result in customers making a guarantee / warranty claim. While there have not been any warranty claims