## Criminal litigation

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no criminal litigations against our Senior Management.

## VII. Litigation involving our Group Companies which may have a material impact on our Company

Except as disclosed below, as on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigations involving the Group Companies, which may have a material impact on our Company:

### Vedanta Limited

1. A series of reports has been released by a short seller alleging certain matters against the Vedanta Group. SEBI vide its email dated August 21 2025, has demanded the production of information and documents from Vedanta Limited, for the transactions alleged in the short seller reports, before the investigating authority, under Sections 11(2) and 11C(2), (3) of the SEBI Act. Vedanta Limited was required to submit such documents by August 28, 2025, and it has responded to SEBI pursuant to its letter dated August 28, 2025. The matter is currently pending.

### Hindustan Zinc Limited

2. A series of reports has been released by a short seller alleging certain matters against the Vedanta Group. SEBI vide its email dated August 18, 2025 and September 4, 2025 has demanded the production of information and documents from Hindustan Zinc Limited, for the transactions alleged in the short seller reports, before the investigating authority, under Sections 11(2) and 11C(2), (3) of the SEBI Act. Hindustan Zinc Limited was required to submit such documents by August 25, 2025 and September 12, 2025, which has been responded to SEBI on August 25, 2025 and September 12, 2025. The matter is currently pending.

## VIII. Certain regulatory matters involving our Group Companies

### Vedanta Limited

1. SEBI issued a show cause notice to Sterlite Industries India Limited (now merged with Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Company) ("SIIL") to show cause as to why it should not proceed against SIIL under Section 24 read with Section 27 of the SEBI Act, 1992 for alleged violation of regulation 4(a) and 4(d) of the SEBI (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices Relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 1995 ("Alleged Violations"). SIIL replied to the show cause notice. Thereafter, the Chairman of SEBI ("Authority") passed an order dated April 19, 2001, prohibiting SIIL from accessing the capital markets for a period of two years and ordering prosecution proceedings against SIIL, through its directors namely Anil Agarwal, Tarun Jain and Shashikant for the Alleged Violations ("Impugned Order"). SIIL filed an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal ("SAT") against the Impugned Order. The Impugned Order was subsequently overruled by the SAT vide an order dated October 22, 2001, on the basis that inter alia there was insufficient material evidence to establish that SIIL had, directly or indirectly, engaged in market manipulation and allowed the appeal filed by SIIL ("SAT Order"). SEBI filed an appeal before the High Court of Judicature at Bombay ("Bombay High Court") against SIIL, its director, Anil Agarwal and others ("Accused") challenging the SAT Order which is currently pending. Pursuant to the Impugned Order, SEBI proceeded to file a criminal complaint before the 8th Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate's Court at Esplanade Mumbai ("Trial Court"). SIIL filed a criminal application before the Bombay High Court to stay the criminal proceedings initiated by SEBI through its criminal complaint since the Impugned Order was set aside by SAT. The Bombay High Court inter alia vide an order dated November 22, 2006, admitted the application and granted an interim stay on the criminal proceedings. As per the amendment to the SEBI Act, 1992 through the Securities Law (Amendment) Act, 2014, the jurisdiction of the matter has been transferred from the Trial Court to the sessions court. The aforementioned interim stay on the criminal proceedings granted by the Bombay High Court continues to be in force as on date. The matter is currently pending.

2. The Special Director, Enforcement Directorate ("Adjudicating Authority") vide an order imposed a penalty of ₹ 200.00 million on Sterlite Industries India Limited (now merged with Vedanta Limited, one of our Group Companies) ("SIIL") and ₹50.00 million on Anil Agarwal, our Individual Promoter alleging violation of Section 8(1) of the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1973 ("Act") for acquiring and transferring foreign exchange equivalent amounting to ₹ 2,080 million into an overseas entity, without prior approval of the RBI ("Order I"). Vedanta Limited challenged Order I before the Appellate Authority for FEMA, New Delhi ("Appellate Authority"). The Appellate Authority granted waiver of the pre-deposit of the penalty imposed on the Parties. The Appellate Authority, vide its order dated November 27, 2024, dismissed the appeal filed by Vedanta Limited ("Order II"). Vedanta Limited and Anil Agarwal,