We aim to continue investing in our existing manufacturing facilities, including purchase of plant, machineries and equipment to support the production of our portfolio of products. We are yet to place orders for such purchase of certain plant, machineries and equipment, for an aggregate amount of ₹ 2,250 million which constitutes 100.00% of the total estimated cost in relation to the purchase of machinery and equipment, as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place such orders, in a timely manner or at all. We have not entered into any definitive agreements with any of the vendors and there can be no assurance that the same vendors would be engaged to eventually supply the equipment or at the same costs. We have accordingly relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost of plant, machineries and equipment. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such purchase of certain plant, machineries and equipment, all of the quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors.

Additionally, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. The cost of such plant, machineries and equipment may escalate due to changes in import duties, foreign exchange fluctuations, shortage of such machines, or increase in the cost of raw material. Further, the costs of such machinery may escalate or vary based on external factors which may not be in our control. If our actual expenses on equipment and machinery significantly exceed our estimates, or even if our estimates were sufficient for such purchases, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. We may not be able to install and duly utilise the machinery to be purchased from the Net Proceeds due to factors beyond our control such as labour shortages, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, taxes and duties, environment and ecology costs and other external factors.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such purchase of certain plant, machineries and equipment within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete such capital expenditure in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flow and future prospects.

While in the past we have not faced any time and cost overruns in respect of our business operations, we cannot assure you that such expansion plans will be successfully implemented.

**37. Any downgrade of our credit ratings may restrict our access to capital and thereby could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

Our business depends on our ability to obtain funds at competitive rates. The cost and availability of capital, among other factors, is also dependent on our current and future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, our ability to effectively manage risks, our brand and our credit ratings. The following table sets forth our details of credit ratings received from April 1, 2022, until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus by our Company:

<table><thead><tr><th>Instrument or Rating Type</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>Date</th><th>Ratings</th><th>Rating Agency</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Long term rating</td><td>47,500</td><td>May 16, 2023</td><td>CRISIL A/Stable (outlook revised from Negative, Rating Reaffirmed and assigned for enhanced amount)</td><td>CRISIL</td></tr><tr><td>Short Term Rating</td><td></td><td></td><td>CRISIL A1 (Reaffirmed)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Long term rating</td><td>47,500</td><td>April 24, 2024</td><td>CRISIL A/Watch Developing (with developing implications)</td><td>CRISIL</td></tr><tr><td>Short Term Rating</td><td></td><td></td><td>CRISIL A1/Watch Developing (with developing implications)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Long term rating</td><td>50,000</td><td>April 15, 2025</td><td>CRISIL AA-/Stable (Upgraded from Crisil A, Removed from Watch Developing)</td><td>CRISIL</td></tr><tr><td>Short Term Rating</td><td></td><td></td><td>CRISIL A1+ (Upgraded from Crisil A, Removed from Watch Developing)</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Credit ratings typically reflect, amongst other things, the rating agency's opinion of the financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet obligations of a company. While we have not experienced downgrading in our credit ratings received in the three Fiscals, any downgrade in our credit ratings or our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, could increase borrowing costs, increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements, will give the right to our lenders to review the facilities availed by us under our financing arrangements and adversely affect our access to