## Details of the Objects

### 1. Repayment/prepayment, in part or full, of all or certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company

Our Company has entered into various financing arrangements with banks and financial institutions. The loan facilities entered into by our Company include borrowings in the form of, *inter alia*, term loans and working capital facilities, letter of credit and bank guarantees. For further details, see “Financial Indebtedness” on page 467. As on September 20, 2025, the aggregate outstanding borrowings of our Company on a standalone basis is ₹ 6,000.36 million and on a consolidated basis is ₹ 34,857.80 million.

Our Company proposes to utilise an estimated amount of up to ₹ 3,500.00 million from the Net Proceeds towards repayment/prepayment, in part or full, of all or a portion of certain borrowings availed by our Company and the accrued interest thereon, the details of which are mentioned below. If the Net Proceeds are insufficient to the extent required for making payments for such prepayment, such excessive amount shall be met from our internal accruals.

We believe that the repayment/prepayment, will help reduce our overall outstanding indebtedness, debt servicing costs, assist us in maintaining a favourable debt-equity ratio, reduce our interest outflow and enable utilisation of some additional amount from our internal accruals for further investment in business growth and expansion. In addition, we believe that any improvement in debt-equity ratio will enable us to raise further resources at competitive rates and additional funds / capital in the future to fund potential business development opportunities and plans to grow and expand our business in the future.

Given the nature of these borrowings and the terms of repayment/prepayment, the aggregate outstanding borrowing amounts may vary from time to time and our Company in accordance with the relevant repayment schedule, may repay/prepay or refinance its existing borrowings from one or more banks or financial institutions in the ordinary course of business, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the amounts outstanding under these borrowings as well as the sanctioned limits are dependent on several factors and may vary with our business cycle with multiple intermediate repayments, drawdowns and enhancement of sanctioned limits. In light of the above, if at the time of filing of the Red Herring Prospectus, any of the below mentioned loans are repaid in part or full or refinanced or if any additional credit facilities are availed or drawn down or if the limits under the working capital borrowings are increased, then the table below shall be suitably revised to reflect the revised amounts or loans as the case may be which have been availed by our Company in accordance with the applicable law.

The following table sets forth details of certain borrowings availed by our Company as on September 20, 2025, out of which our Company may repay/prepay, all or a portion of any or all of the borrowings: