billion represents 1,000,000,000 and one trillion represents 1,000,000,000,000. Figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be expressed in denominations other than millions and such figures have been expressed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in such denominations or rounded off to such number of decimal points as provided in such respective sources.

## Exchange Rates

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains conversion of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that these currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate or at all.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between the Rupee and respective foreign currencies:

(amount in ₹)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Currency</th><th colspan="3">Exchange rate as at</th></tr><tr><th>March 31, 2025</th><th>March 31, 2024</th><th>March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1 USD</td><td>85.58</td><td>83.37</td><td>82.22</td></tr><tr><td>1 MUR</td><td>1.87</td><td>1.80</td><td>1.81</td></tr></tbody></table>

Source: www.fbil.org.in and www.exchangerates.org.uk

Note: Exchange rate is rounded off to two decimal points. If the reference rate is not available on a particular date due to a public holiday, exchange rates of the previous working day have been disclosed.

## Industry and Market Data

Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Assessment of cables, conductors industries and investments in power sector in India” dated September 2025 prepared by CRISIL (the “CRISIL Report”). Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available information from various sources believed to be reliable, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. The data used in these sources may have been re-classified by us for the purposes of presentation. Data from these sources may also not be comparable. Accordingly, no investment decision should be made solely on the basis of such information. Further, industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of a specific date and may no longer be current or reflect current trends.

CRISIL is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our Promoters, our Subsidiaries, any of our Directors, KMPs, Senior Management or the Book Running Lead Managers. The CRISIL Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter May 20, 2025, for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with this Offer. The CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at www.sterliteelectric.com/investors from the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus until the Bid/Offer Closing Date and has also been included in “Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection – Material Documents” on page 546 and is subject to the following disclaimer.

The extent to which the market and industry data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends on the reader's familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which business of our Company is conducted, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate. Such data involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in “Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which is a paid report and commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks”, on page 66. Accordingly, no investment decision should be made solely on the basis of such information.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, “Basis for Offer Price” on page 128 includes information relating to our peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources believed to be reliable, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, no investment decision should be made solely on the basis of such information.