Indian market size of conductors reached ₹ 185 billion up from ₹ 115 billion in Fiscal 2019, registering a CAGR growth of 8.2%. Major factors influencing this demand includes railway electrification and healthy transmission line additions. Further, the conductor industry is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 5% to 6% from Fiscal 2025 to Fiscal 2030 to reach ₹ 230 billion to ₹ 250 billion by Fiscal 2029 due to ongoing government schemes in power sector as well increased exports of conductors from India. (Source: CRISIL Report)

With our positioning across various products in the cables and conductors markets, coupled with our wide range of products and advanced manufacturing and product development capabilities, we believe that we are well-positioned to cater to the growing demand in the cables and conductors sectors.

## 5. Strong parentage and power lineage

Our strong parentage and rich power lineage have been instrumental in shaping our current business landscape. As part of the Vedanta Group, a global conglomerate with presence in the power sector and other diverse industries, we benefit from a deep understanding of the Power T&D value chain, from generation to transmission and distribution. We also leverage the reputation of the Vedanta Group, its extensive network, and relationships to build strategic alliances and foster long-term engagements with customers and suppliers.

We commenced operations in 2006 as the power conductor business division of STL followed by commencement of grid business in 2010. In 2016, these divisions were demerged into Sterlite Power Transmission Limited, (now “Sterlite Electric Limited” i.e., our Company). This strategic move allowed STL, to focus on its core telecom business, while we could concentrate on our strengths in power products and transmission grid business and manufacturing of power transmission related products including power conductors, HV and EHV cables. In 2024, our power transmission infrastructure business was transferred to Sterlite Grid 5 Limited, while we retained our power transmission and distribution-related products and specialized EPC services. This move was intended to unlock value for shareholders, ensure effective utilisation of cash flows, enhance operational efficiency, enable focused management and allow each entity to pursue growth in their respective business verticals and de-risk the businesses from each other. Over the years, we believe we have accumulated valuable insights into the complexities and nuances of the power sector, which has been crucial in our growth and development. Our experienced team, equipped with a wealth of knowledge in power transmission and distribution, continues to drive innovation and excellence in our operations. We understand the unique requirements in the power and transmission sector, which allows us to offer solutions to meet the needs of our customers. This approach has been a key factor in our success, enabling us to deliver quality solutions that enhance customer satisfaction and loyalty.

## 6. Experienced board and qualified senior management team

Our Board of Directors and senior management team bring several years of experience across finance, operations, engineering, and technology. Their collective experience and industry knowledge provide a basis for our growth. Our Company has an experienced Board of Directors, comprising our Chairman and Non-Executive Director, Pravin Agarwal, our Managing Director, Pratik Pravin Agarwal, our Whole-time Director and Chief Executive Officer, Reshu Madan, our Nominee Director (Non-Executive Non-Independent), Alipt Sharma, our Non-Executive Independent Director, Frederic Andre M Trefois, our Non-Executive Independent Director (Additional), Sachin Nandgaonkar, our Non-Executive Independent Director (Additional), Anupa Rajiv Sahney and our Non-Executive Independent Director (Additional), Alampallam Ramakrishnan Narayanaswamy.

Further, our KMPs and Senior Management include our Chief Financial Officer, Monica Madan, our Company and Secretary and Compliance Officer, Ashok Ganesan, our Chief Marketing Officer, Anish Khosla, our Chief Operating Officer-Products, Manish Kumar Srivastava, our Head – Human Resources, K Arun and our Business Head – MSI, Ankit Bhardwaj.

We believe that the strength of our Board and management team, along with their experience, has enabled us to take advantage of market opportunities and to better serve our customers.

# STRATEGIES

## 1. Increase our presence in international markets

We have an extensive global presence, having served more than 70 countries from April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2025. We are able to export our products to foreign countries due to our compliance with the qualifications and certifications required to manufacture and export to the foreign markets, including customer-specific requirements of international customers. We intend to deepen and broaden our presence by introducing new products, catering to new customers, sectors and entering new geographies. Our strategy to increase exports will enable us to diversify our revenue base. We believe that as we increase our exports, we will be able to take advantage of the increased