After determination of the Offer Price and allocation of Equity Shares, our Company and each of the Selling Shareholders intends to, prior to the filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, enter into an Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters for the Equity Shares proposed to be offered through the Offer. The Underwriting Agreement is dated [●]. Pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the obligations of each of the Underwriters will be several and will be subject to certain conditions specified therein.

The Underwriters have indicated their intention to underwrite the following number of Equity Shares which they shall subscribe to on account of rejection of bids, either by themselves or by procuring subscription, at a price which shall not be less than the Offer Price:

*(This portion has been intentionally left blank and will be filled in before filing of the Prospectus with the RoC.)*

<table><thead><tr><td>Name, address, telephone number and e-mail address of the Underwriters</td><td>Indicative number of Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each to be underwritten</td><td>Amount underwritten (in ₹ million)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td></tr></tbody></table>

The aforementioned underwriting commitments are indicative and will be finalised after the determination of the Offer Price and finalization of the Basis of Allotment and actual allocation in accordance with provisions of Regulation 40(3) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

In the opinion of our Board (on the basis of representation made to our Company by the Underwriters), the resources of the Underwriters are sufficient to enable them to discharge their respective underwriting obligations in full. The aforementioned Underwriters are registered with SEBI under Section 12(1) of the SEBI Act or registered as brokers with the Stock Exchanges. Our Board/ IPO committee, at its meeting held on [●], approved the acceptance and entering into the Underwriting Agreement mentioned above on behalf of our Company.

Allocation among the Underwriters may not necessarily be in proportion to their underwriting commitment set forth in the table above.

Notwithstanding the above table, the Underwriters shall be severally responsible for ensuring payment with respect to the Equity Shares allocated to investors respectively procured by them in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement. In the event of any default in payment, the respective Underwriter, in addition to other obligations defined in the Underwriting Agreement, will also be required to procure purchasers for or purchase the Equity Shares to the extent of the defaulted amount in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement. The Underwriting Agreement has not been executed as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and will be executed in accordance with applicable laws, after the determination of the Offer Price and allocation of Equity Shares, prior to the filing of the Prospectus with the RoC. The extent of underwriting obligations and the Bids to be underwritten in the Offer shall be as per the Underwriting Agreement.