<table><tbody><tr><td>4.</td><td>Aluminium Conductors<br>Steel Reinforced<br>("ACSR")</td><td>It is also known as bare aluminium conductor and is widely used for transmission. It consists of one or more layers of aluminium wires stranded over a high strength steel core that can be single or multiple strands depending on the requirement. There can be various stranding combinations of Al and steel wires lending flexibility to obtain suitable current carrying capacity and mechanical strength for the application.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Aluminium Conductors,<br>Aluminium Clad Steel<br>Reinforced (ACSR/AS or<br>ACSR/AW)</td><td>These are concentrically stranded conductors with one more layer of hard drawn 1350-H19 aluminium wires on Aluminium Clad steel wire core. The core can be single wire or stranded depending on the size.</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>AACSR</td><td>It is a concentrically stranded conductor composed of one or more layers of Aluminium -Magnesium -Silicon Alloy wire stranded around a high strength coated steel core. The core can be of either single wire or stranded multi wire. AACSR is available with steel core of Class A, B or C galvanizing or Aluminium clad (AW). Additional corrosion protection is available through the application of grease to the core or infusion of the complete conductor with grease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>High Performance Conductors</strong></td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>ACCC conductor</td><td>It consists of a hybrid carbon and glass fiber core which is wrapped with trapezoidal shaped aluminum strands. The high strength structural core carries most of the conductor's mechanical load, while the fully annealed aluminum strands carry all of the conductor's electrical current. ACCC Conductor's composite core is lighter and stronger than conventional or high-strength steel core.</td></tr><tr><td>8.</td><td>ACSS conductor</td><td>It consists of fully annealed strands of aluminium around a stranded steel core. In appearance, ACSS conductors are essentially identical to standard ACSR conductors. ACSS is typically available in "Standard Round Strand" construction or "Trapezoidal Aluminium Wire" construction with equal area or equal diameter to conventional round wire construction. The steel core may be of high strength, extra high strength, ultra high strength steel, mischmetal or aluminium clad steel core.</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>STER-AL59</td><td>These are homogenous alloy conductors of Aluminium + Magnesium + Silica Alloy type. These conductors have a conductivity of 59% and hence have lesser DC resistance and higher current carrying capacity</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>STER-ECO</td><td>Eco Series conductors consists of trapezoidal shaped special aluminium alloy containing magnesium, silicon and copper stranded with round core. The trapezoidal shape provides upto 96% compactness</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Super Thermal Alloy<br>Conductor Invar<br>Reinforced ("STACIR")<br>conductor</td><td>It has outer layers composed of Super Thermal Aluminium (STAL) alloy wires that can operate up to 210°C. The inner core is composed of aluminium clad INVAR wires. INVAR is a metal alloy with 36% Ni in steel.</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>Sterlite Thermal-resistant<br>Aluminium-alloy<br>Conductor, Steel<br>Reinforced ("TACSR")<br>conductor</td><td>It is a high ampacity conductor, wherein the inner core is composed of galvanized steel and the outer layers are composed of thermal-resistant aluminium-alloy.</td></tr><tr><td>13.</td><td>Gap-Type Super Thermal<br>Resistant Aluminium<br>Alloy Conductor Steel<br>Reinforced<br>(GTACSR/GZTACSR)<br>and Gap-type aluminum<br>conductor steel reinforced<br>(GZTACSR)</td><td>It uses heat-resistant aluminum over a steel core. A small annular gap is maintained between a high-strength steel core and the first layer of aluminum alloy strands. The gap between the first layer trapezoidal shaped aluminum strands and the steel core is filled with high thermal resistant grease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>Alloy Conductor</strong></td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>STER-AL59</td><td>A159 alloy conductors are used in power transmission and distribution lines for a wide voltage range (low to ultra-high voltage). These conductors have higher current carrying capacity and lower losses due to DC resistance. A159 conductors have high corrosion resistance, making them most suited for deployment in coastal regions. Key Benefits include:
<ul><li>26%-31% more current carrying capacity than ACSR of the same size, while maximum sag remains the same and working tension is lesser than that of ACSR.</li><li>Resistivity is substantially lesser than that of ACSR/AAAC conductors, resulting in lower 12R losses.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>