## OUR BUSINESS

Some of the information in this section, including information with respect to our business plans and strategies, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 42 for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to those statements and also the sections “Risk Factors”, “Industry Overview”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 44 146, 292 and 428, respectively, as well as financial and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as a whole, for a discussion of certain factors that may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.

Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Board of Directors approved a scheme of arrangement dated September 28, 2023 (the “Scheme”) between our Company, Sterlite Electric Limited (formerly Sterlite Power Transmission Limited), Sterlite Grid 5 Limited (“SGL5”) and their respective shareholders and creditors for the demerger of the Infrastructure Business into SGL 5. The Scheme was sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai bench vide its order dated September 5, 2024. The aforesaid Scheme meets the criteria prescribed in Ind AS 105 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” to be considered as discontinued operation, hence Infrastructure Business has been disclosed as discontinued operation in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information till the effective date i.e., September 26, 2024. For further information, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments or slump sale of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last 10 years - Scheme of arrangement between Sterlite Grid 5 Limited, our Company and their respective shareholders” on page 254. Also, see “Risk Factors – Our financial information as at March 31, 2023 is not comparable with our financial information as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025.” on page 65. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company” are to Sterlite Electric Limited on a standalone basis and references to “we”, “us” or “our” are to Sterlite Electric Limited on a consolidated basis. Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year.

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Assessment of cables, conductors industries and investments in power sector in India” dated September 2025 (the “CRISIL Report”) prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited, pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 20, 2025. The CRISIL Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. The data included herein includes excerpts from the CRISIL Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at www.sterliteelectric.com/investors. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year/ Fiscal refers to such information for the relevant calendar year/ Fiscal. For further information, see “Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which is a paid report and commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.” on page 66. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 39.

### Overview

We are a manufacturer of capital goods and a provider of system integration solutions, specializing in the power transmission and distribution (“Power T&D”) industry for both domestic and international markets. We manufacture and supply a wide range of overhead conductors, power cables supply and solutions, optical ground wire (“OPGW”), and provide master system integration (“MSI”) services.

We are part of the Vedanta group, a global conglomerate with presence in diverse industries. We have leveraged our heritage to develop a comprehensive understanding of the Power T&D industry value chain, from generation to transmission and distribution. Our power lineage traces back to 2006 as the power conductor business division of Sterlite Technologies Limited (“STL”) followed by commencement of grid business in 2010. In 2016, these divisions were strategically demerged into Sterlite Power Transmission Limited, (now “Sterlite Electric Limited” i.e., our Company) to focus on power products and -transmission grid business and the manufacture of power transmission-related products. In 2024, our power transmission infrastructure business was transferred to Sterlite Grid 5 Limited, while we retained our power transmission-related products manufacturing business including overhead conductors and cables and specialized EPC services with a long term vision to become a global player.