Since the Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer will be made only in dematerialised mode, there is no need to make a separate nomination with our Company. Nominations registered with respective Depository Participant of the Bidder would prevail. If the Bidder wants to change the nomination, they are requested to inform their respective Depository Participant.

## Bid/ Offer Period

<table><tr><td>BID/OFFER OPENS ON</td><td>[•]<sup>(1)</sup></td></tr><tr><td>BID/OFFER CLOSES ON</td><td>[•]<sup>(2)(3)</sup></td></tr></table>

(1) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/Offer Period shall be one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Offer Opening Date.
(2) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, may consider closing the Bid/Offer Period for QIBs one day prior to the Bid/Offer Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(3) UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5.00 pm on Bid/ Offer Closing Date.

An indicative timetable in respect of the Offer is set out below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Event</td><td>Indicative Date</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>FINALISATION OF BASIS OF ALLOTMENT WITH THE DESIGNATED STOCK EXCHANGE</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr><tr><td>INITIATION OF REFUNDS (IF ANY, FOR ANCHOR INVESTORS)/UNBLOCKING OF FUNDS FROM ASBA ACCOUNT*</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr><tr><td>CREDIT OF EQUITY SHARES TO DEMATERIALIZED ACCOUNTS OF ALLOTTEES</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr><tr><td>COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING OF THE EQUITY SHARES ON THE STOCK EXCHANGES</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

* In case of (i) any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date for cancelled / withdrawn / deleted ASBA Forms, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher from the date on which the request for cancellation/ withdrawal/ deletion is placed in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform until the date on which the amounts are unblocked; (ii) any blocking of multiple amounts for the same ASBA Form (for amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism), the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the total cumulative blocked amount except the original application amount, whichever is higher from the date on which such multiple amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iii) any blocking of amounts more than the Bid Amount, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the difference in amount, whichever is higher from the date on which such excess amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iv) any delay in unblocking of non-allotted/ partially allotted Bids, exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date by the SCSB responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLMs shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The post Offer BRLMs shall be liable for compensating the Bidder at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher from the date of receipt of the investor grievance until the date on which the blocked amounts are unblocked. The Bidder shall be compensated in the manner specified in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to be incorporated in the deemed agreement of our Company with the SCSBs, to the extent applicable, issued by SEBI, and any other applicable law in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds.

## The above timetable, other than the Bid/Offer Closing Date, is indicative and does not constitute any obligation or liability on our Company, the Selling Shareholders or the BRLMs.

Whilst our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for the listing and the commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges are taken within three Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other time as prescribed by SEBI, the timetable may be extended due to various factors, such as extension of the Bid/ Offer Period by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, revision of the Price Band by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, or any delay in receiving the final listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges or delay in receipt of final certificates from SCSBs, etc. The commencement of trading of the Equity Shares will be entirely at the discretion of the Stock Exchanges and in accordance with the applicable laws. Each of the Selling Shareholders, severally and not jointly, confirms that it shall extend such reasonable support, documentation and co-operation as may be required under applicable law or requested by our Company and/or the BRLMs, in relation to it and its respective portion of the Offered Shares.

SEBI has reduced the post issue timeline for initial public offerings. The revised timeline of T+3 days had been made applicable in two phases, i.e., voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Accordingly, the Offer will be made under UPI Phase III T+3 listing on mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.

Any circulars or notifications from SEBI after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may result in changes to the listing timelines. Further, the offer procedure is subject to change basis any revised SEBI circulars to this effect.

In terms of the UPI Circulars, in relation to the Offer, the BRLMs will be required to submit reports of compliance with timelines and activities prescribed by SEBI in connection with the allotment and listing procedure within such period as may be prescribed by SEBI, identifying non-adherence to timelines and processes and an analysis of entities responsible for the delay and the reasons associated with it.

## Submission of Bids (other than Bids from Anchor Investors):