OFFER STRUCTURE

The Offer is of up to 15,589,174 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (including a premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹[●] million comprising of a Fresh Issue of up to 7,793,371 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] million by our Company and an Offer for Sale of up to 7,795,803 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each aggregating up to ₹[●] million by the Selling Shareholders. The Offer comprises Employee Reservation Portion of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each and a Net Offer of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each. The Employee Reservation Portion shall not exceed 5% of our post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital.

The Offer and the Net Offer shall constitute [●]% and [●]%, respectively of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For details, see “The Offer” on page 79.

The Offer is being made through the Book Building Process.

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Eligible Employees</td><td>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>NIBs</td><td>RIBs</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Equity Shares available for Allotment or allocation*<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>Up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each</td><td>Not less than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each, aggregating up to ₹ [●] million, subject to the allocation/ allotment of not less than 75% of the Net Offer</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each available for allocation or Net Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and RIBs</td><td>Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each available for allocation or Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and NIBs</td></tr><tr><td>Percentage of Offer size available for Allotment or allocation</td><td>The Employee Reservation Portion shall constitute up to [●]% of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company</td><td>Not less than 75% of the Net Offer shall be available for allocation to QIBs. However, up to 5% of the QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation proportionately to Mutual Funds only. Mutual Funds participating in the Mutual Fund Portion will also be eligible for allocation in the remaining balance QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion). The unsubscribed portion in the Mutual Fund Portion will be available for allocation to other QIBs</td><td>Not more than 15% of the Net Offer, or the Net Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and RIBs shall be available for allocation, subject to the following:<br/>(i) one-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million; and<br/>(ii) two-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹1.00 million<br/>provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the subcategories specified above may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of NIBs.</td><td>Not more than 10% of the Net Offer or the Offer less allocation to QIB Bidders and NIBs shall be available for allocation</td></tr><tr><td>Basis of Allotment if respective category is oversubscribed*</td><td>Proportionate, unless the Employee Reservation Portion is undersubscribed, the value of allocation to an Eligible Employee shall not exceed ₹0.20 million (net of employee discount, if any). In the event of undersubscription in the Employee Reservation Portion, the unsubscribed portion may be allocated,</td><td>Proportionate as follows (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion):<br/>a) Up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 2 each shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only; and</td><td>The Allotment of Equity Shares to each NIB shall not be less than the minimum application size, subject to the availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion, and the remaining Equity Shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis in accordance with the</td><td>The Allotment to each RIB shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Retail Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis. For details, see “Offer Procedure” on page 508.</td></tr></tbody></table>

504