Over the years, we believe we have accumulated valuable insights and expertise, enabling us to offer solutions that meet the needs of customers in the Power T&D industry and drive continuous innovation in our operations.

Our business is strategically spread across overhead conductors, power cables, OPGW, and MSI services:

*   **Overhead conductors and OPGW.** We manufacture and supply a range of overhead conductors, including HPC, aluminium conductor steel reinforced ("ACSR") conductors, alloy conductors i.e., STER-AL59, composite core conductors, aluminium conductor composite core ("ACCC") conductors, aluminium conductor steel supported ("ACSS") conductors, and GAP type conductors. We had a market share of 15% in the Indian power conductors market in terms of value in Fiscal 2025 and a market share of 25% to 28% in high ampacity and AL59 conductor market in terms of value in India in Fiscal 2025. Over the years, we have transitioned from manufacturing of standard conductors to high-performance, application-specific solutions leveraging ACCC (which is patented) and GAP technology. For example, we engineered our ACCC Ganga and ACCC Brahmaputra for river crossings spanning 1.2 kilometers and 3 kilometers, respectively, and introduced ACCC Daman (66 kV) and ACCC Copenhagen (33 kV) for urban distribution corridors where space is limited, and introduced ECO and ECO Max conductors for renewable-energy evacuation to support high-capacity solar and wind farm connections. We have upstream integration that uses molten metal for manufacturing conductors. We also manufacture and supply OPGW for communication and commercial purposes. We manufacture OPGW accessories, including hardware support products such as tension assemblies, suspension assemblies, vibration dampers, and down lead clamps. Our Closing Order Book (i.e., the total contract value (as per the terms of the contract / attendant documents / addendums) of all existing contracts, minus any revenue already recognised by us in relation to such existing contracts) for overhead conductors and OPGW was ₹ 53,890.00 million as of March 31, 2025.
*   **Power cables.** We manufacture and supply a range of power cables, including medium voltage, High Voltage ("HV") and Extra High Voltage ("EHV") cables from 66 kV to 220kV, fibre-integrated power cables, and high-ampacity cables. We also provide integrated end to end EPC solutions for EHV cabling projects. We have recently started manufacturing and supplying low tension direct current ("LTDC") solar cables which are designed to provide high performance and reliability in solar power applications, and medium voltage covered conductors ("MVCC") cables for medium voltage applications, and we intend to start manufacturing solar array cables. We are also offering advanced cable monitoring solutions which enable remote diagnostics and facilitates in lifecycle management of cables. Our Closing Order Book for power cables was ₹ 15,290.00 million as of March 31, 2025.
*   **MSI services.** We offer grid uprate solutions that increase the capacity of existing transmission lines and upgrade solutions that enhance the reliability and efficiency of the grid infrastructure, helping utilities improve their existing infrastructure. Our Closing Order Book for MSI services was ₹ 5,310.00 million as of March 31, 2025.

We have served customers in over 70 countries, including USA, Brazil, Sweden, South Africa, Egypt, UAE, Chile, Peru from April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2025. Our segment revenue from external turnover from continuing operations outside India in accordance with Ind AS 108 'Operating Segments' was ₹ 10,007.07 million, ₹ 16,576.49 million and ₹ 11,800.53 million in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively.

We operate four manufacturing facilities across India that are strategically located near key raw material sources and major transportation hubs, including seaports. Our manufacturing facilities in Jharsuguda (Odisha), Piparia (Dadra and Nagar Haveli) and Rakholi (Dadra and Nagar Haveli) specialize in overhead conductor production; our manufacturing facilities in Haridwar (Uttarakhand) focus on power cables; and our Piparia (Dadra and Nagar Haveli) facility also focuses on OPGW. As of March 31, 2025, our annual installed capacity was 117,195.60 metric tonnes for overhead conductors, 2,400 kilometers for power cables, and 21,000 kilometers for OPGW.

Our competitive edge is bolstered by our commitment to research and development ("R&D"). Our R&D team focuses on designing new products, customizing products to meet customer requirements, enhancing manufacturing efficiency, and improving product reliability to meet market demands. Their efforts have led to the development of products such as fiber-integrated power cables, and high ampacity cables, which minimize energy losses and boost the efficiency of long-distance power transmission. The HV and EHV sector poses entry barriers, particularly for companies seeking to participate in government tenders. To secure contracts in this sector, companies must navigate a rigorous and lengthy procedure for obtaining customer approvals, which can be time-consuming and resource intensive. Furthermore, they must demonstrate extensive industry experience with track record in delivering high-quality power cables and pass stringent pre-qualification ("PQ") testing to ensure compliance with technical and safety standards (Source: CRISIL Report) As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have registered patents which include development of low loss cables, development of high