<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>141.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, all acts done by any meeting of the Board or by a Committee of the Board, or by any person acting as a Director shall notwithstanding that it shall afterwards be discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of such Director or persons acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified or had vacated office or that the appointment of any of them had been terminated by virtue of any provisions contained in the Act or in these Articles, be as valid as if every such person had been (c) duly appointed, and was qualified to be a Director.</td><td>Acts of Board or Committee shall be valid notwithstanding defect in appointment.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">RETIREMENT AND ROTATION OF DIRECTORS</td></tr><tr><td>142.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 161 of the Act, if the office of any Director appointed by the Company in General Meeting vacated before his term of office will expire in the normal course, the resulting casual vacancy may in default of and subject to any regulation in the Articles of the Company be filled by the Board of Directors at the meeting of the Board and the Director so appointed shall hold office only up to the date up to which the Director in whose place he is appointed would have held office if had not been vacated as aforesaid.</td><td>Power to fill casual vacancy</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">POWERS OF THE BOARD</td></tr><tr><td>143.</td><td>The business of the Company shall be managed by the Board who may exercise all such powers of the Company and do all such acts and things as may be necessary, unless otherwise restricted by the Act, or by any other law or by the Memorandum or by the Articles required to be exercised by the Company in General Meeting. However no regulation made by the Company in General Meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the Board which would have been valid if that regulation had not been made.</td><td>Powers of the Board</td></tr><tr><td>144.</td><td>Without prejudice to the general powers conferred by the Articles and so as not in any way to limit or restrict these powers, and without prejudice to the other powers conferred by these Articles, but subject to the restrictions contained in the Articles, it is hereby, declared that the Directors shall have the following powers, that is to say<br/>(1) Subject to the provisions of the Act, to purchase or otherwise acquire any lands, buildings, machinery, premises, property, effects, assets, rights, creditors, royalties, business and goodwill of any person firm or company carrying on the business which this Company is authorised to carry on, in any part of India.<br/>(2) Subject to the provisions of the Act to purchase, take on lease for any term or terms of years, or otherwise acquire any land or lands, with or without buildings and out-houses thereon, situate in any part of India, at such conditions as the Directors may think fit, and in any such purchase, lease or acquisition to accept such title as the Directors may believe, or may be advised to be reasonably satisfy.<br/>(3) To erect and construct, on the said land or lands, buildings, houses, warehouses and sheds and to alter, extend and improve the same, to let or lease the property of the company, in part or in whole for such rent and subject to such conditions, as may be thought advisable; to sell such portions of the land or buildings of the Company as may not be required for the company; to mortgage the whole or any portion of the property of the company for the purposes of the Company; to sell all or any portion of the machinery or stores belonging to the Company.<br/>(4) At their discretion and subject to the provisions of the Act, the Directors may pay property rights or privileges acquired by, or services rendered to the Company, either wholly or partially in cash or in shares, bonds, debentures or other securities of the Company, and any such share may be issued either as fully paid up or with such</td><td>Certain powers of the Board<br/>To acquire any property, rights etc.<br/>To take on Lease.<br/>To erect &amp; construct.<br/>To pay for property.</td></tr></tbody></table>

348