dated April 20, 2022, and the provisions of this circular are deemed to form part of this Prospectus. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all Individual Investors in initial public offerings (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹500,000 shall use the UPI Mechanism.

Further, SEBI vide its circular bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, has mandated that ASBA applications in public issues shall be processed only after the application monies are blocked in the investor's bank accounts. Accordingly, Stock Exchanges shall, for all categories of investors viz. Retail, QIB, NIB and other reserved categories and also for all modes through which the applications are processed, accept the ASBA applications in their electronic book building platform only with a mandatory confirmation on the application monies blocked.

Furthermore, SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 has approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares in public issue from existing 6 working days to 3 working days from the date of the closure of the issue. The revised timeline of T+3 days shall be made applicable in two phases i.e. voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Further, SEBI has vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 reduced the time taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of a public issue to three Working Days. Accordingly, the Offer will be made under UPI Phase III on a mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.

The list of Banks that have been notified by SEBI as Issuer Banks for UPI are provided on https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40. The list of Stockbrokers, Depository Participants (DP), Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) that have been notified by SME Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE EMERGE") to act as intermediaries for submitting Application Forms are provided on www.nseindia.com/emerge For details on their designated branches for submitting Application Forms, please see the above mentioned website of NSE Emerge.

In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Issue Closing Date, the Applicant shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Issue Closing Date by the intermediary responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The Book Running Lead Manager shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. Further, investors shall be entitled to compensation in the manner specified in the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 as amended by SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023, in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds.

Please note that the information stated/covered in this section may not be complete and/or accurate and as such would be subject to modification/change. Our Company and Book Running Lead Manager do not accept any responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information stated in this section and the General Information Document. Our Company and Book Running Lead Manager would not be able to include any amendment, modification or change in applicable law, which may occur after the date of Prospectus. Applicants are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that their application do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or as specified in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

Further, the Company and the BRLM are not liable for any adverse occurrence's consequent to the implementation of the UPI Mechanism for application in this Issue.