<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>(q) "Office" means the registered Office for the time being of the Company.</td><td>Office</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(r) "Ordinary Resolution" and "Special Resolution" shall have the meanings assigned thereto by Section 114 of the Act.</td><td>Ordinary and Special Resolution</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(s) "Person" shall be deemed to include corporations and firms as well as individuals.</td><td>Person</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(t) "Proxy" means an instrument whereby any person is authorized to vote for a member at General Meeting or Poll and includes attorney duly constituted under the power of attorney.</td><td>Proxy</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(u) "The Register of Members" means the Register of Members to be kept pursuant to Section 88(1) (a) of the Act.</td><td>Register of Members</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(v) "Seal" means the common seal for the time being of the Company.</td><td>Seal</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(w) "Special Resolution" shall have the meanings assigned to it by Section 114 of the Act.</td><td>Special Resolution</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(x) Words importing the Singular number include where the context admits or requires the plural number and vice versa.</td><td>Singular number</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(y) "The Statutes" means the Companies Act, 2013 and every other Act for the time being in force affecting the Company.</td><td>Statutes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(z) "These presents" means the Memorandum of Association and the Articles of Association as originally framed or as altered from time to time.</td><td>These presents</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(aa) "Variation" shall include abrogation; and "vary" shall include abrogate.</td><td>Variation</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(bb) "Year" means the calendar year and "Financial Year" shall have the meaning assigned thereto by Section 2(41) of the Act.</td><td>Year and Financial Year</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Save as aforesaid any words and expressions contained in these Articles shall bear the same meanings as in the Act or any statutory modifications thereof for the time being in force.</td><td>Expressions in the Act to bear the same meaning in Articles</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>CAPITAL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>a) The Authorized Share Capital of the Company shall be such amount as may be mentioned in Clause V of Memorandum of Association of the Company from time to time.</td><td>Authorized Capital.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The Company may in General Meeting from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase its capital by creation of new Shares which may be unclassified and may be classified at the time of issue in one or more classes and of such amount or amounts as may be deemed expedient. The new Shares shall be issued upon such terms and conditions and with such rights and privileges annexed thereto as the resolution shall prescribe and in particular, such Shares may be issued with a preferential or qualified right to dividends and in the distribution of assets of the Company and with a right of voting at General Meeting of the Company in conformity with Section 47 of the Act. Whenever the capital of the Company has been increased under the provisions of this Article the Directors shall comply with the provisions of Section 64 of the Act.</td><td>Increase of capital by the Company how carried into effect</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Except so far as otherwise provided by the conditions of issue or by these Presents, any capital raised by the creation of new Shares shall be considered as part of the existing capital, and shall be subject to the provisions herein contained, with reference to the payment of calls and installments, forfeiture, lien, surrender, transfer and transmission, voting and otherwise.</td><td>New Capital same as existing capital</td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>The Board shall have the power to issue a part of authorized capital by way of non-voting Shares at price(s) premia, dividends, eligibility, volume, quantum, proportion and other terms and conditions as they deem fit, subject however to provisions of law, rules, regulations, notifications and enforceable guidelines for the</td><td>Non Voting Shares</td></tr></tbody></table>

326