<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Name, DIN, Date of Birth, Qualification, Designation, Occupation, Address, Nationality and Term</th><th>Directorship in other Companies</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><strong>DIN:</strong> 10771409</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td><strong>Manish Rawal</strong><br/><strong>Designation:</strong> Non-Executive Independent Director<br/><strong>Date of Birth:</strong> December 26, 1991<br/><strong>Age:</strong> 33 years<br/><strong>Address:</strong> Flat No. 17, B-5 Bansi Ratna CHSL, S.V. Road Mahesh Nagar, Mumbai, Mumbai Suburban, Maharashtra 400104<br/><strong>Occupation:</strong> Professional<br/><strong>Nationality:</strong> Indian<br/><strong>Current Term:</strong> For a period of five (5) years from February 7, 2025.<br/><strong>Period of Directorship:</strong> Since February 7, 2025.<br/><strong>DIN:</strong> 09519301</td><td><strong>Indian Companies</strong><br/>1. Goodrich Cereals Limited<br/>2. Acetech E-Commerce Limited<br/>3. Prakhar Software Solutions Limited<br/><strong>Foreign Companies</strong><br/>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

## BRIEF PROFILE OF THE DIRECTORS OF OUR COMPANY

**Virendra Maneklal Vora** is the Managing Director and also one of the Promoters of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since incorporation. He has completed his degree of Bachelors in Commerce from Mumbai University. He possesses collective experience of two decades in the field of Alternate Fuels, Construction, Instrumentation, Automation, Electric Vehicle and International Commerce. His roles and responsibilities include overseeing key operations and strategic initiatives within the Company to drive growth, innovation, and market leadership.

**Nemin Virendra Vora** is the Whole Time Director, Chief Executive Officer and also one of the Promoters of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since April 12, 2017. He qualified as a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He has also completed his degree of Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Mumbai. He possess over 10 years of experience in different fields of Industry namely Construction, Automation. in addition to Alternate Fuels (CNG /LPG Kits). His responsibilities encompass overseeing the day-to-day operations, driving business strategies, managing key business functions, and ensuring the successful execution of corporate goals, contributing significantly to the overall growth and expansion of the Company.

**Vibha Virendra Vora** is a Non-Executive Director and one of the Promoters of our Company. She has been associated with the Company since incorporation. She has no formal education. She possesses experience in the field of Admin and Human Resource Management. Her responsibilities encompass providing strategic oversight in administrative functions, managing human resource initiatives, ensuring effective employee relations, and supporting the development of organizational policies and procedures to promote a productive and harmonious work environment.

**Bharat Ratilal Mehta** is a Non-Executive Independent Director of our Company. He has been associated with our Company since December 05, 2024. He has completed his degree of Bachelor of Engineering from Gujarat University. He has also completed his Diploma in Industrial engineering and Management from Gujarat University and also been awarded for Doctor of Professional Entrepreneurship majoring in Engineering Management from European Continental University and for PhD in Control Systems and Instrumentations from a French Institute. He possesses over 52 years of experience in the refinery & petrochemicals industry. He was previously associated with Reliance Industries Ltd as senior Vice President for more than 35 Years.

**Venugopal Raghavan Pillai** is a Non-Executive Independent Director of our Company. He has been associated with the Company since December 05, 2024. He has completed his degree of Master of Technology from Calicut University.