<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No</th><th>Particulars</th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>81.</td><td>A nominee, upon production of such evidence as may be required by the Board and subject as hereinafter provided, elect, either-<br/>(i) to be registered himself as holder of the security, as the case may be; or<br/>(ii) to make such transfer of the security, as the case may be, as the deceased security holder, could have made;<br/>(iii) if the nominee elects to be registered as holder of the security, himself, as the case may be, he shall deliver or send to the Company, a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects and such notice shall be accompanied with the death certificate of the deceased security holder as the case may be;<br/>(iv) a nominee shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled to, if he were the registered holder of the security except that he shall not, before being registered as a member in respect of his security, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company.<br/>Provided further that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to transfer the share or debenture, and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other moneys payable or rights accruing in respect of the share or debenture, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.</td><td>Transmission of Securities by nominee</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES</strong></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>82.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder the Company will Issue its members facility to hold securities issued by it in dematerialized form.<br/>All the fresh securities to be issued by the company will be in dematerialized form.<br/>Any person seeking transfer of shares, shall first get his / her shares dematerialized before execution of instrument of transfer.</td><td>Dematerialisation of Securities</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>JOINT HOLDER</strong></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>83.</td><td>Where two or more persons are registered as the holders of any share they shall be deemed to hold the same as joint Shareholders with benefits of survivorship subject to the following and other provisions contained in these Articles.</td><td>Joint Holders</td></tr><tr><td>84.</td><td>(a) The Joint holders of any share shall be liable severally as well as jointly for and in respect of all calls and other payments which ought to be made in respect of such share.<br/>(b) on the death of any such joint holders the survivor or survivors shall be the only person recognized by the Company as having any title to the share but the Board may require such evidence of death as it may deem fit and nothing herein contained shall be taken to release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability of shares held by them jointly with any other person;<br/>(c) Any one of two or more joint holders of a share may give effectual receipts of any dividends or other moneys payable in respect of share; and<br/>(d) only the person whose name stands first in the Register of Members as one of the joint holders of any share shall be entitled to</td><td>Joint and several liabilities for all payments in respect of shares.<br/>Title of survivors.<br/>Receipts of one sufficient.<br/>Delivery of certificate and giving of notices to first</td></tr></tbody></table>