**the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all.**

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation do not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined in consultation with Book Running Lead Manager in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors.

**59. The price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, or an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop.**

Prior to this Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares [●] is acting as Market Maker for the Equity Shares of our Company. However, the trading price of our Equity Shares may fluctuate after this Issue due to a variety of factors, including our results of operations and the performance of our business, competitive conditions, general economic, political and social factors, the performance of the Indian and global economy, an significant developments in India's fiscal regime, volatility in the Indian and global securities market, performance of our competitors, the Indian Capital Markets, changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts and announcements by us or others regarding contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments. In addition, if the stock markets experience a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or operating results. The trading price of our Equity Shares might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Each of these factors, among others, could materially affect the price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for our Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this Issue, or that the price at which our Equity Shares are initially Issue ed will correspond to the prices at which they will trade in the market subsequent to this Issue. For further details of the obligations and limitations of Market Makers, see 'General Information' on page 59.

**60. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be issued pursuant to the Issue will be listed on the EMERGE Platform of NSE in a timely manner or at all.**

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue will not be granted until after the Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. Approval for listing and trading will require all relevant documents authorizing the issuance of Equity Shares to be submitted. There could be a failure or delay in listing the Equity Shares on the Emerge Platform of NSE. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares.

**61. The requirements of being a public listed company may strain our resources and impose additional requirements.**

With the increased scrutiny of the affairs of a public-listed company by shareholders, regulators and the public at large, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur in the past. We will also be subject to the provisions of the listing agreements signed with the Stock Exchange which requires us to file unaudited financial results on a half-yearly basis. In order to meet our financial control and disclosure obligations, significant resources and management supervision will be required. As a result management's attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or readily determine and report any changes to our results of operations in a timely manner as other listed companies. In addition, we will need to increase the strength of our management team and hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate public company experience and accounting knowledge, and we cannot assure that we will be able to do so in a timely manner.

**62. There are restrictions on daily movements in the price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder's ability to sell, or the price at which it can sell, Equity Shares at a particular point in time.**