arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to vary the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders of our Company who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Issue, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders of our Company may deter our Promoters from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity. In light of these factors, we may not be able to vary the objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company's ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

55. **Our Company has reported negative cash flow in the past. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition.**

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>March 31, 2025</td><td>March 31, 2024</td><td>March 31, 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net Cash generated from operating activities</td><td>647.17</td><td>189.90</td><td>(104.14)</td></tr><tr><td>Net Cash from / (used in) investing activities</td><td>44.85</td><td>248.91</td><td>(142.07)</td></tr><tr><td>Net Cash from / (used in) financing</td><td>(860.42)</td><td>(164.30)</td><td>337.51</td></tr></tbody></table>

Cash flow of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. We may continue to have negative operating cash flows in future. If our Company is not able to generate sufficient operating cash flows, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. For further details, see "Restated Consolidated Financial Statement" on page 189.

56. **Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition.**

The financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of IFRS, which differs in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly.

## RISKS RELATED TO OUR EQUITY SHARES AND EQUITY SHARE HOLDERS

57. **The Issue Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue.**

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under the chapter "Basis for Issue Price" on page 85 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price.

58. **The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further,**