Phased implementation of Unified Payments Interface

SEBI has issued the UPI Circulars in relation to streamlining the process of public issue of inter alia, equity shares. Pursuant to the SEBI UPI Circulars, the UPI Mechanism has been introduced in a phased manner as a payment mechanism (in addition to mechanism of blocking funds in the account maintained with SCSBs under ASBA) for applications by IBs through Designated Intermediaries with the objective to reduce the time duration from public issue closure to listing from six Working Days to up to three Working Days. Considering the time required for making necessary changes to the systems and to ensure complete and smooth transition to the UPI payment mechanism, the UPI Circulars have introduced the UPI Mechanism in three phases in the following manner:

**Phase I:** This phase was applicable from January 1, 2019 until March 31, 2019 or floating of five main board public issues, whichever is later. subsequently, the timeline for implementation of Phase I was extended till June 30, 2019. Under this phase, an II had the option to submit the ASBA Form with any of the Designated Intermediary and use his/ her UPI ID for the purpose of blocking of funds. The time duration from public Issue closure to listing continued to be six working days.

**Phase II:** This phase has become applicable from July 1, 2019 and was to initially continue for a period of three months or floating of five main board public issues, whichever is later. SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 had extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II till March 31, 2020. Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020 dated March 30, 2020 decided to continue Phase II of UPI with ASBA until further notice. Under this phase, submission of the ASBA Form by IIs through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) to SCSBs for blocking of funds was discontinued and was replaced by the UPI Mechanism. However, the time duration from public Issue closure to listing would continued to be six Working Days during this phase.

**Phase III:** This phase has become applicable on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 1, 2023, vide SEBI circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 ("T+3 Notification"). In this phase, the time duration from public issue closure to listing has been reduced to three Working Days. The Issue shall be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures as notified in the T+3 Notification as applicable, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time, including any circular, clarification or notification which may be issued by SEBI.

All SCSBs offering facility of making application in public issues shall also provide facility to make application using the UPI Mechanism. The Issuers will be required to appoint one of the SCSBs as a sponsor bank to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and NPCI in order to facilitate collection of requests and / or payment instructions of the Individual Investors Applicants into the UPI Mechanism.

Pursuant to the UPI Circulars, SEBI has set out specific requirements for redressal of investor grievances for applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the UPI Circulars include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI, the requirement for SCSBs to send SMS alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than 1 (one) Working Day from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalized. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law. Additionally, if there is any delay in the redressal of investors' complaints, the relevant SCSB as well as the post-Issue BRLM will be required to compensate the concerned investor.

Further, in terms of the UPI Circulars, the payment of processing fees to the SCSBs shall be undertaken pursuant to an application made by the SCSBs to the BRLM, and such application shall be made only after (i) unblocking of application amounts for each application received by the SCSB has been fully completed, and (ii) applicable compensation relating to investor complaints has been paid by the SCSB.

SEBI through its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45) dated April 5, 2022, has prescribed that all individual investors applying in initial public offerings opening on or after May 1, 2022, where the application amount is up to ₹5 lakh, shall use the UPI Mechanism. Individual investors Bidding under the Non-Institutional Portion Bidding for more than ₹2 lakh and up to ₹5 lakh, using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid-cum-Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

*For further details, refer to the General Information Document available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and*