the Book Running Lead Manager.

## Book Building Procedure

In terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended (the “SCRR”) read with Regulation 252 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018, the Issue is being made for at least 25% of the post-Issue paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. The Issue is being made under Regulation 229(2) of Chapter IX of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 via book building process wherein not more than 50% of the Issue shall be allocated on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company and may, in consultation with the BRLM, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, of which one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds, and the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Investors of which (i) one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10 lakhs; and (ii) two third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹10 lakhs. Provided that under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Category specified in (i) and (ii), may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non Institutional Portion and not less than 35% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors who applies for minimum application size in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, undersubscription, if any, in any category, except the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM, and the Designated Stock Exchange. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spillover from other categories or a combination of categories.

The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialised segment of the Stock Exchange.

Investors should note that the Equity Shares will be Allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialized form. The Bid cum Application Forms which do not have the details of the Bidders’ depository account, including DP ID, Client ID, PAN and UPI ID, as applicable, shall be treated as incomplete and will be rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they may get the Equity Shares rematerialized subsequent to Allotment of the Equity Shares in the Issue, subject to applicable laws.

Bidders are required to ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and they are in compliance with the notification dated February 13, 2020 issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes and the press release dated June 25, 2021.

## Bid cum Application Form

Copies of the Bid cum Application Form (other than for Anchor Investors) and the abridged prospectus will be available at the offices of the BRLM, the Designated Intermediaries at Bidding Centres, and Registered Office of our Company. An electronic copy of the Bid cum Application Form will also be available for download on the websites of the NSE, at least (1) one day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date.

Copies of the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the offices of the BRLM.

All Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) shall mandatorily participate in the Issue only through the ASBA process. ASBA Bidders must provide either (i) the bank account details and authorisation to block funds in the ASBA Form, or (ii) the UPI ID, as applicable, in the relevant space provided in the ASBA Form. The ASBA Forms that do not contain such details are liable to be rejected. Applications made by the IBs using third party bank account or using third party linked bank account UPI ID are liable for rejection. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process. ASBA Bidders shall ensure that the Bids are made on ASBA Forms bearing the stamp of the relevant Designated Intermediary, submitted at the relevant Bidding Centres only (except in case of electronic ASBA Forms) and the ASBA Forms not bearing such specified stamp are liable to be rejected. Since as on date Phase III of the UPI Circulars is mandatorily applicable, the Issue is made under Phase III of the UPI Circulars, ASBA Bidders may submit the ASBA Form in the manner below;

* IIs (other than the IIs using UPI Mechanism) may submit their ASBA Forms with SCSBs (physically or online,