<table><thead><tr><td>Terms</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Self-Certified Syndicate Bank(s)/ SCSBs</td><td>A Self Certified Syndicate Bank registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994 and Issue s the facility of ASBA, including blocking of bank account. A list of all SCSBs is available at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=35</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor Bank</td><td>The Banker to the Issue registered with SEBI and appointed by our Company to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the NPCI in order to push the mandate collect requests and / or payment instructions of the Individual Investors into the UPI and carry out other responsibilities, in terms of the UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>TRS / Transaction Registration Slip</td><td>The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary (only on demand), to the Applicant, as proof of registration of the Application Form.</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriter</td><td>The Underwriter to the Issue, in this case [●]</td></tr><tr><td>Underwriting Agreement</td><td>The Agreement entered into between the Underwriter and our Company dated [●]</td></tr><tr><td>UPI</td><td>Unified payment Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Circulars</td><td>The SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 April 20, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI ID</td><td>ID created on UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mandate Request</td><td>A request (intimating the Individual Investors by way of a notification on the Mobile App and by way of a SMS directing the Individual Investor to such Mobile App) to the Individual Investor initiated by the Sponsor Bank to authorize blocking of funds on the Mobile App equivalent to Bid Amount and Subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI Mechanism</td><td>The bidding mechanism that may be used by a II to make a Bid in the Issue in accordance with the UPI Circulars.</td></tr><tr><td>UPI PIN</td><td>Password to authenticate UPI transactions.</td></tr><tr><td>Wilful Defaulter</td><td>Willful defaulter as defined under Regulation 2(1)(III) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Days</td><td>Till Application / Issue closing date: All days other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday; Post Application / Issue closing date and till the Listing of Equity Shares:All trading days of stock exchanges excluding Sundays and bank holidays in accordance with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26 dated January 21, 2016 and the SEBI circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018.</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Technical and Industry Related Terms**

<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>GDP</td><td>Gross Domestic Product</td></tr><tr><td>OPEC+</td><td>Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries Plus</td></tr><tr><td>IIP (Index of Industrial Production)</td><td>A measure of industrial sector performance, indicating production trends in various industries.</td></tr><tr><td>MCMPD (Million Cubic Meters Per Day)</td><td>A unit of measurement for natural gas flow and consumption.</td></tr><tr><td>MMTPA (Million Metric Tons Per Annum)</td><td>A unit measuring the annual production or processing capacity of petroleum refineries.</td></tr><tr><td>BPD (Barrels Per Day)</td><td>A unit measuring crude oil production or consumption in barrels per day.</td></tr><tr><td>MMT (Million Metric Tonnes)</td><td>A unit of measurement for large quantities of goods such as crude oil, LNG, or industrial output.</td></tr><tr><td>BCM (Billion Cubic Meters)</td><td>A unit of measurement for large-scale natural gas production and consumption.</td></tr></tbody></table>