<table><tr><td>(₹ in</td><td>Nemin Virendra Vora</td><td>Working Capital</td><td>1500/-</td><td>Repayable on demand</td><td>17.70</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4">Total Unsecured Borrowings</td><td>62.94</td></tr></table>

Lakhs)

As certified by Vishal .H .Shah & Associates ., Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditor pursuant to their certificate September 22, , 2025

In case we are not able to pay our dues in time, the same may amount to a default under the loan documentation and all the penal and termination provisions therein would get triggered and the loans granted to us may be recalled with penal interest. This could severely affect our operations and financial condition. Our financing agreements include certain covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain corporate activities and entering into certain transactions, such as, incurring any additional borrowings, undertaking capital expenditure, diversifying business, advance or repay loans, effect any dividend pay-out in case of delays in debt servicing, effect any change in shareholding pattern and management control of the Company amongst others. In addition, any breach of financial or non-financial covenant may qualify as an event of default under financing agreements.

We cannot assure you that the lenders will not seek to enforce their rights in respect of any breach by us under our financing agreements. Any failure to comply with any condition or covenant under our financing agreements that is not waived by the lenders or is not otherwise cured by us, may lead to a termination of our credit facilities and/or acceleration of all amounts due under the relevant credit facility. Further, such breach and relevant actions by the lenders could also trigger enforcement action by other lenders pursuant to cross-default provisions under certain of our financing agreements. Further, if the obligations under any of our financing agreements are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under the financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our operations. In addition, the lenders may enforce their security interest in certain of our assets. Moreover, during the period in which we are in default, we may face difficulties in raising further loans. Any future inability to comply with the covenants under our financing agreements or to obtain the necessary consents required thereunder may lead to termination of our credit facilities, levy of penal interest, acceleration of all amounts due under such financing agreements and enforcement of any security provided. Any of these circumstances would have an adverse effect our business, results of operation and financial condition. Further, the said credit facilities can be renewed/enhanced/cancelled/suspended/reduced and the terms and conditions of the same can be altered by the lending banks, at their discretion. In the event, the lenders refuse to renew / enhance the credit facilities and/or cancel / suspend / reduce the said credit facilities and/or alter the terms and conditions to the derogation of our Company, then our existing operations as well as our future business prospects and financial condition may be severely affected.

**31. In the past our Director were subject to disqualification and default.**

In the past, Virendra Maneklal Vora, one of our Directors, was disqualified from acting as a Director in any company pursuant to Section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013, due to his directorship in Officine Lovato Private Limited, which had failed to file its financial statements and annual returns with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai (Maharashtra). Consequently, the office of Virendra Maneklal Vora stood vacated with effect from November 2016.

The period of disqualification ceased on October 31, 2021, and thereafter, he became eligible for reappointment as a Director in the Company.

However, due to inadvertence and unawareness of the disqualification during the relevant period, he had signed the audited financial statements of our Company while he was still disqualified under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. These financial statements were subsequently filed with the Registrar of Companies through Form AOC-4.

Upon identification of this non-compliance, the Company has suo moto filed an adjudication application with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) seeking compounding of the offence relating to the signing of audited financial statements by a disqualified Director. The application also seeks permission from the RoC to rectify the error by filing a revised Form AOC-4 with the appropriate signatory. This application is currently pending adjudication.