<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>and subject to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the number of Directors (including Debenture and Alternate Directors) shall not be less than three and not more than fifteen. Provided that a company may appoint more than fifteen directors after passing a special resolution</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>126.</td><td>A Director of the Company shall not be bound to hold any Qualification Shares in the Company.</td><td>Qualification shares.</td></tr><tr><td>127.</td><td>(a) Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Articles, the Board may appoint any person as a director nominated by any institution in pursuance of the provisions of any law for the time being in force or of any agreement<br/>(b) The Nominee Director/s so appointed shall not be required to hold any qualification shares in the Company nor shall be liable to retire by rotation. The Board of Directors of the Company shall have no power to remove from office the Nominee Director/s so appointed. The said Nominee Director/s shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges including receiving of notices, copies of the minutes, sitting fees, etc. as any other Director of the Company is entitled.<br/>(c) If the Nominee Director/s is an officer of any of the financial institution the sitting fees in relation to such nominee Directors shall accrue to such financial institution and the same accordingly be paid by the Company to them. The Financial Institution shall be entitled to depute observer to attend the meetings of the Board or any other Committee constituted by the Board.<br/>(d) The Nominee Director/s shall, notwithstanding anything to the Contrary contained in these Articles, be at liberty to disclose any information obtained by him/them to the Financial Institution appointing him/them as such Director/s.</td><td>Nominee Directors.</td></tr><tr><td>128.</td><td>The Board may appoint an Alternate Director to act for a Director (hereinafter called "The Original Director") during his absence for a period of not less than three months from India. An Alternate Director appointed under this Article shall not hold office for period longer than that permissible to the Original Director in whose place he has been appointed and shall vacate office if and when the Original Director returns to India. If the term of Office of the Original Director is determined before he so returns to India, any provision in the Act or in these Articles for the automatic re-appointment of retiring<br/>(e) Director in default of another appointment shall apply to the Original Director and not to the Alternate Director.</td><td>Appointment of alternate Director.</td></tr><tr><td>129.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint any other person to be an Additional Director. Any such Additional Director shall hold office only upto the date of the next Annual General Meeting.</td><td>Additional Director</td></tr><tr><td>130.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint a Director, if the office of any director appointed by the company in general meeting is vacated before his term of office expires in the normal course, who shall hold office only upto the date upto which the Director in whose place he is appointed would have held office if it had not been vacated by him.</td><td>Director's power to fill casual vacancies.</td></tr><tr><td>131.</td><td>Until otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting, each Director other than the Managing/Whole-time Director (unless otherwise specifically provided for) shall be entitled to sitting fees not exceeding a sum prescribed in the Act (as may be amended from time to time) for attending meetings of the Board or Committees thereof.</td><td>Sitting Fees.</td></tr><tr><td>132.</td><td>The Board of Directors may subject to the limitations provided in the</td><td>Travelling expenses</td></tr></tbody></table>