Submission of Bids (other than Bids from Anchor Investors):

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/Issue Period (except the Bid/Issue Closing Date)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Submission and Revision in Bids</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. Indian Standard Time ("IST")</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Bid/Issue Closing Date*</th></tr><tr><td>Submission and Revision in Bids</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and 3.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts)-For Individual Bidders</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online channels like Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA applications where Bid Amount is up to ₹ 5 lakhs)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 4.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of Electronic Applications (Syndicate Non-Retail, Non-Individual Applications)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 3.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of Physical Applications (Bank ASBA)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 1.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><td>Submission of Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual bidders, Non-Individual Applications of QIBs and NIIs where Bid Amount is more than ₹ 5 lakhs)</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 12.00 p.m. IST</td></tr><tr><th colspan="2">Shall comply with the conditions laid down by the Stock Exchanges time to time Modification/ Revision/cancellation of Bids</th></tr><tr><td>Upward Revision of Bids by QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors categories#</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. IST on Bid/ Issue Closing Date</td></tr><tr><td>Upward or downward Revision of Bids or cancellation of Bids by IBs</td><td>Only between 10.00 a.m. and up to 5.00 p.m. on Bid/ Issue Closing Date</td></tr></tbody></table>

**UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 p.m. on Bid/ Issue Closing Date.

#QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders can neither revise their bids downwards nor cancel/withdraw their bids.

On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Bids shall be uploaded until: (i) 4.00 P.M. IST in case of Bids by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders, and (ii) until 5.00 P.M. IST or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchange, in case of Bids by Individual Bidders.

On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, extension of time will be granted by the Stock Exchange only for uploading Bids received from Individual Bidders after taking into account the total number of Bids received and as reported by the BRLM to the Stock Exchange.

The Registrar to the Issue shall submit the details of cancelled/ withdrawn/ deleted applications to the SCSBs on a daily basis within 60 minutes of the Bid closure time from the Bid/ Issue Opening Date till the Bid/ Issue Closing Date by obtaining the same from the Stock Exchanges. The SCSBs shall unblock such applications by the closing hours of the Working Day and submit the confirmation to BRLM and the RTA on a daily basis.

To avoid duplication, the facility of re-initiation provided to Syndicate Members, if any shall preferably be allowed only once per Bid/batch and as deemed fit by the Stock Exchange, after closure of the time for uploading Bids.

It is clarified that Bids not uploaded on the electronic bidding system or in respect of which the full Bid Amount is not blocked by SCSBs or not blocked under the UPI Mechanism in the relevant ASBA Account, as the case may be, would be rejected.

Due to the limitation of time available for uploading the Bid-Cum-Application Forms on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, Bidders are advised to submit their applications one (1) day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and, in any case, not later than 3.00 P.M. (IST) on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bid-Cum- Application Forms are received on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public Issue, some Bid-Cum- Application Forms may not get uploaded due to the lack of sufficient time. Such Bid-Cum- Application Forms that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under this Issue. Applications will be accepted only on Working Days, i.e., Monday to Friday (excluding any public holidays). Neither our Company nor the BRLM is liable for any failure in uploading the Bid-Cum- Application

281