<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No</th><th>Particulars</th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Act allow and pay to any Director who attends a meeting at a place other than his usual place of residence for the purpose of attending a meeting, such sum as the Board may consider fair, compensation for travelling, hotel and other incidental expenses properly incurred by him, in addition to his fee for attending such meeting as above specified.</td><td>Incurred by Director on Company's business.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">PROCEEDING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS</td></tr><tr><td>133.</td><td>(a) The Board of Directors may meet for the conduct of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate its meetings as it thinks fit.<br/>A director may, and the manager or secretary on the requisition of a director shall, at any time, summon a meeting of the Board.</td><td>Meetings of Directors.</td></tr><tr><td>134.</td><td>(a) The Directors may from time to time elect from among their members a Chairperson of the Board and determine the period for which he is to hold office. If at any meeting of the Board, the Chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the Directors present may choose one of the Directors then present to preside at the meeting.<br/>(b) Subject to Section 203 of the Act and rules made there under, one person can act as the Chairman as well as the Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer at the same time.</td><td>Chairperson</td></tr><tr><td>135.</td><td>Questions arising at any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be decided by a majority of votes and in the case of an equality of votes, the Chairman will have a second or casting vote.</td><td>Questions at Board meeting how decided.</td></tr><tr><td>136.</td><td>The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board; but, if and so long as their number is reduced below the quorum fixed by the Act for a meeting of the Board, the continuing directors or director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of directors to that fixed for the quorum, or of summoning a general meeting of the company, but for no other purpose.</td><td>Continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board</td></tr><tr><td>137.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board may delegate any of their powers to a Committee consisting of such member or members of its body as it thinks fit, and it may from time to time revoke and discharge any such committee either wholly or in part and either as to person, or purposes, but every Committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may from time to time be imposed on it by the Board. All acts done by any such Committee in conformity with such regulations and in fulfillment of the purposes of their appointment but not otherwise, shall have the like force and effect as if done by the Board.</td><td>Directors may appoint committee.</td></tr><tr><td>138.</td><td>The Meetings and proceedings of any such Committee of the Board consisting of two or more members shall be governed by the provisions herein contained for regulating the meetings and proceedings of the Directors so far as the same are applicable thereto and are not superseded by any regulations made by the Directors under the last preceding Article.</td><td>Committee Meeting show to be governed.</td></tr><tr><td>139.</td><td>(a) A committee may elect a Chairperson of its meetings.<br/>If no such Chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present may choose one of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting.</td><td>Chairperson of Committee Meetings</td></tr><tr><td>140.</td><td>(a) A committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks fit.<br/>(b) Questions arising at any meeting of a committee shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members present, and in case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson shall have a second or casting vote.</td><td>Meetings of the Committee</td></tr></tbody></table>