There is significant competition for management and other skilled personnel in the Auto Components industries in which we operate, and it may be difficult to attract and retain the personnel we require in the future. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not offer better compensation packages, incentives and other perquisites to such skilled personnel. Further, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we do not have key man insurance policies. If we are not able to attract and retain talented employees as required for conducting our business, or if we experience high attrition levels which are largely out of our control, or if we are unable to motivate and retain existing employees, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. For further information, see “*Our Management*” on page 165.

**22.** *There have been certain instances of non-compliances, including with respect to regulatory filings for corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected.*

The Company, as per its records, had inadvertently failed to file Form FCGPR with the Reserve Bank of India in respect of foreign remittances received from (i) Mr. Hanumanth Rao Bhounsle in 2009 and (ii) Mr. D.S. Kang in 2010, against which equity shares were duly allotted. In the case of Mr. Kang, since the remittance was received through a foreign cheque and not through SWIFT/telegraphic transfer, the Authorised Dealer (AD) Bank could not issue a Foreign Inward Remittance Certificate (FIRC), which is a mandatory requirement for filing Form FCGPR. Attempts made in 2017 to regularise the compliance were unsuccessful, as the remitter's foreign bank account had been closed, making it impossible to obtain the requisite KYC confirmation. Consequently, the required filings could not be undertaken.

On September 10, 2025, the Company filed applications for Compounding of Contravention under FEMA, 1999, in respect of the above non-filings. These applications are currently pending before the RBI, Mumbai Regional Office, and the outcome is uncertain. In case of an adverse order, the Company may be required to pay fines and penalties, which could adversely affect our financial results and reputation.

Further, with respect to the transfer of 25,504 equity shares by way of gift by Mr. D.S. Kang (Non-Resident) to Mr. Nemin Virendra Vora (Resident) on February 2, 2024, Form FC-TRS has not been filed with RBI. As per Regulation 13.1(4) of the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2017, the onus of filing lies on the resident transferee, and not on the Company. However, once the Company receives the compounding order in respect of Mr. Kang's initial investment, the resident transferee may be required to undertake compounding for the aforesaid transfer.

**23.** *Company shares its registered office, corporate office and branch office with its Group Companies.*

Our company shares its registered office, corporate office and branch offices with its group companies. This arrangement could potentially lead to several risks. Sharing an office could lead to conflicts over the use of shared resources. This could impact our operational efficiency and potentially lead to disputes. There could be operational difficulties arising from the shared use of office space. These could include issues related to maintenance, space allocation, and resource management. If the group company faces any legal issues, it could potentially have an impact our company.

**24.** *Certain of our immovable properties are leased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations.*

We have certain immovable properties that are on lease hold/rental basis from certain third parties. For further information, see “*Business Overview*” on page 130. While we have, in the past, renewed such short-term and medium-term lease arrangements for our facilities and offices from time to time, if we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future (and may, to that extent, need to revise our raw material and product inventory schedules and/or incur significant costs to relocate or expand our operations elsewhere in order to continue to honour our commitments to our customers).

Upon expiry of term, if we are unable to renew the lease on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a temporary disruption from where we operate and also, we may face delays or other negative consequences that would affect our business operations. In the event the lessor terminate or do not renew the lease or license