effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Government of India had announced the union budget for financial year 2025 and the Finance Act, 2024 received assent from the President of India on February 15, 2024. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2024 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in.

66. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must Issue holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that holders are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an Issue ing document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the holders will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. The Company may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to the holders. To the extent that the holders are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, they may suffer future dilution of their ownership position and their proportional interests in our Company would be reduced.

67. Sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or other significant shareholder(s) may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.

Any instance of disinvestments of equity shares by our Promoters or by other significant shareholder(s) may significantly affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Further, our market price may also be adversely affected even if there is a perception or belief that such sales of Equity Shares might occur.

## EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS

68. Political instability and significant changes in Government policy could adversely affect economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular.

The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business and the market price and liquidity of our Equity Shares may be affected by interest rates, changes in Government policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting the information technology sector, foreign investment and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in such liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, generally, and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, in particular.

69. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.

The regulatory and tax environment is evolving and changes in state tax laws or enforcement could impact operations. Tax rates and applicable laws vary across states and may be amended. Determining tax liabilities involves interpreting local tax laws, estimates of future income and expenses, and assumptions about operations. Changes in tax law could affect tax liabilities and business performance. The introduction of new labor codes may increase employee-related costs. The concessional tax regime could change, impacting exemptions like dividend income and bond interest. Amendments in the Finance Act, 2024 may affect taxes and capital markets. New regulations may require additional compliance and approvals, leading to higher costs. Uncertainty in law interpretation could result in additional challenges. Failure to comply with new regulations could affect business performance and operations.

70. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute holders' shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our Promoters or other shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity Issue ings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary Issue ing, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in us. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our shareholders, or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply