<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Amount (₹ in Lakhs)</th><th>% of Gross Issue Proceeds *</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Net Proceeds</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

*To be finalized upon determination of the Issue Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed 15% of the gross proceeds or 10 Crores whichever is lower.

**Proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of Net Proceeds**

We propose to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the objects in accordance with the estimated schedule of implementation and deployment of funds, as set forth in the table below:

(₹ in lakhs)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Sr. No.</th><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th rowspan="2">Total estimated cost (A)</th><th colspan="2">Amount to be deployed from the Net Proceeds in</th></tr><tr><th>Fiscal 2026</th><th>Fiscal 2027</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Funding capital expenditure requirements by investment in Purchase of Vehicles, Modification, Approval & Development Cost.</td><td>1,298.44</td><td>975.00</td><td>323.58</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Funding the working capital requirements of our Company</td><td>1,900.00</td><td>800.00</td><td>1,100.00</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Loan to subsidiary Company, Ecofuel Cylinders Private Limited to meet its Working Capital requirement</td><td>1,050.00</td><td>100.00</td><td>950.00</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>General corporate purposes*</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

*To be finalized upon determination of the Issue Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount utilised for general corporate purposes will not exceed 15% of the gross proceeds or 10 Crores whichever is lower.

We intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects as disclosed in the table above, in accordance with the business needs of our Company. However, given the dynamic nature of our business, we may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment on account of a variety of factors such as our financial condition, business strategy and external factors such as market conditions, competitive environment and interest or exchange rate fluctuations, changes in design and configuration of the project, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, logistics and transport costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, engineering procurement and construction costs, working capital margin, regulatory costs, environmental factors and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling or revising the planned expenditure and funding requirements, including the expenditure for a particular purpose, at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance with applicable law. Our historical expenditure may not be reflective of our future expenditure plans.