<table><thead><tr><td>Term</td><td>Description</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Equity Shareholders</td><td>The holders of Equity Shares of our Company from time to time.</td></tr><tr><td>Executive Director(s)</td><td>Executive directors on Board of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Promoters</td><td>Mr. Virendra Maneklal Vora and Mr. Nemin Virendra Vora, Mrs. Vibha Virendra Vora</td></tr><tr><td>Promoters' Group</td><td>Companies, individuals and entities (other than companies) as defined under Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 which is provided in the chapter titled "Our Promoters and Promoter's Group" beginning on Page 180 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Group Companies</td><td>In terms of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the term 'group companies' includes companies (other than our Subsidiaries) with which there were related party transactions in accordance with Ind AS 24 as disclosed in the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements as covered under the applicable Indian accounting standards and such other companies as considered material by our Board in accordance with the Materiality Policy, and as identified in "Our Group Companies" beginning on Page 186 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.</td></tr><tr><td>Independent Director</td><td>Independent directors on the Board, who are eligible to be appointed as an independent director under the provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. For details of the Independent Directors, please refer to the chapter titled "Our Management" on page 165.</td></tr><tr><td>Ind AS</td><td>The Indian Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act 2013, Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2013</td></tr><tr><td>ISIN</td><td>International Securities Identification Number is INE1CBG01019</td></tr><tr><td>Key Managerial Personnel / Key Managerial Employees</td><td>Key Managerial Personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb) of the SEBI Regulations and the Companies Act. For details, see "Our Management" on page 165</td></tr><tr><td>Managing Director / MD</td><td>The Managing Director of our company, being Mr. Virendra Maneklal Vora</td></tr><tr><td>Materiality Policy</td><td>The policy adopted by our Board on September 22, 2025, for identification of material Group Companies, material outstanding litigation and material dues outstanding to creditors in respect of our Company, pursuant to the disclosure requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>MOA/ Memorandum of Association</td><td>Memorandum of Association of our Company as amended from time to time</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Residents</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA</td></tr><tr><td>Nomination and Remuneration Committee</td><td>The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of our Board constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 as described in the chapter titled "Our Management" on page 165.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Executive Director</td><td>The non-executive Director(s) of our Company</td></tr><tr><td>NRIs / Non-Resident Indians</td><td>A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and who is a citizen of India or a Person of Indian Origin under Foreign Outside India Regulations, 2000.</td></tr><tr><td>Registered Office</td><td>B-102, Bellona Bldg, Pant Nagar 90 Feet Road, Ghatkopar (E), Mumbai City, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400075</td></tr><tr><td>Restated Financial Statements / Restated Financial Information / Restated Consolidated Financial Statements / Restated Consolidated Financial Information</td><td>The restated consolidated financial statements of our Company and our Subsidiary, comprising the restated consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as at Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, the restated consolidated statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated consolidated statement of changes in equity, the restated consolidated cash flow statement for the years ended Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, and the summary statement of significant accounting policies, and other explanatory information prepared in terms of the requirements of sub-Section (1) of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Act; the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time.<br>For details, see "Restated Financial Statements" on page 189</td></tr></tbody></table>

2