<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>specified in sub-clause (ii).<br/>(3) A Securities Premium Account and Capital Redemption Reserve Account may, for the purposes of this regulation, only be applied in the paying up of unissued shares to be issued to members of the Company and fully paid bonus shares.<br/>The Board shall give effect to the resolution passed by the Company in pursuance of this regulation.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>166.</td><td>(1) Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been passed, the Board shall —<br/>(a) make all appropriations and applications of the undivided profits resolved to be capitalized thereby and all allotments and issues of fully paid shares, if any, and<br/>(b) generally to do all acts and things required to give effect thereto.<br/>(2) The Board shall have full power -<br/>(a) to make such provision, by the issue of fractional certificates or bypayment in cash or otherwise as it thinks fit, in case of shares becoming distributable in fractions; and also<br/>(b) to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the members entitled thereto, into an agreement with the Company providing for the allotment to them respectively, credited as fully paid up, of any further shares to which they may be entitled upon such capitalization, or (as the case may require) for the payment by the Company on their behalf, by the application thereto of their respective proportions, of the profits resolved to be capitalized, of the amounts or any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares.<br/>(3) Any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such members.<br/>(4) That for the purpose of giving effect to any resolution, under the preceding paragraph of this Article, the Directors may give such directions as may be necessary and settle any questions or difficulties that may arise in regard to any issue including distribution of new equity shares and fractional certificates as they think fit.</td><td>Fractional Certificates.</td></tr><tr><td>167.</td><td>(1) The books containing the minutes of the proceedings of any General Meetings of the Company shall be open to inspection of members without charge on such days and during such business hours as may consistently with the provisions of Section 119 of the Act be determined by the Company in General Meeting and the members will also be entitled to be furnished with copies thereof on payment of regulated charges.<br/>Any member of the Company shall be entitled to be furnished within seven days after he has made a request in that behalf to the Company with a copy of any minutes referred to in sub-clause (1) hereof on payment of Rs. 10 per page or any part thereof.</td><td>Inspection of Minutes<br/>Books of General Meetings.</td></tr><tr><td>168.</td><td>a) The Board shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations, the accounts and books of the company, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of members not being directors.<br/>b) No member (not being a director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board or by the company</td><td>Inspection of Accounts</td></tr></tbody></table>