<table><thead><tr><th>Sr. No</th><th>Particulars</th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>transfer.<br>Provided that notwithstanding what is stated above the Directors shall comply with such Rules or Regulation or requirements of any Stock Exchange or the Rules made under the Act or the rules made under Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, or any other Act, or rules applicable in this behalf.<br>The provisions of this Article shall mutatis mutandis apply to debentures of the Company.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>30.</td><td>(a) If any share stands in the names of two or more persons, the person first named in the Register shall as regard receipts of dividends or bonus or service of notices and all or any other matter connected with the Company except voting at meetings, and the transfer of the shares, be deemed sole holder thereof but the joint-holders of a share shall be severally as well as jointly liable for the payment of all calls and other payments due in respect of such share and for all incidentals thereof according to the Company's regulations.<br>(b) The Company shall not be bound to register more than three persons as the joint holders of any share.</td><td>The first named joint holder deemed Sole holder.<br><br>Maximum number of joint holders.</td></tr><tr><td>31.</td><td>Except as ordered by a Court of competent jurisdiction or as by law required, the Company shall not be bound to recognise any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share, or (except only as is by these Articles otherwise expressly provided) any right in respect of a share other than an absolute right thereto, in accordance with these Articles, in the person from time to time registered as the holder thereof but the Board shall be at liberty at its sole discretion to register any share in the joint names of any two or more persons or the survivor or survivors of them.</td><td>Company not bound to recognise any interest in share other than that of registered holders.</td></tr><tr><td>32.</td><td>If by the conditions of allotment of any share the whole or part of the amount or issue price thereof shall be payable by installment, every such installment shall when due be paid to the Company by the person who for the time being and from time to time shall be the registered holder of the share or his legal representative.</td><td>Installment on shares to be duly paid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>UNDERWRITING AND BROKERAGE</strong></td></tr><tr><td>33.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 40 (6) of the Act, the Company may at any time pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing, to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any shares or debentures in the Company, or procuring, or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any shares or debentures in the Company but so that the commission shall not exceed the maximum rates laid down by the Act and the rules made in that regard. Such commission may be satisfied by payment of cash or by allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in one way and partly in the other.</td><td>Commission</td></tr><tr><td>34.</td><td>The Company may pay on any issue of shares and debentures such brokerage as may be reasonable and lawful.</td><td>Brokerage</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><strong>CALLS</strong></td></tr><tr><td>35.</td><td>(1) The Board may, from time to time, subject to the terms on which any shares may have been issued and subject to the conditions of allotment, by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Board and not by a circular resolution, make such calls as it thinks fit, upon the Members in respect of all the moneys unpaid on the shares held by them respectively and each Member shall pay the amount of every call so made on him to the persons and at the time and places appointed by the Board.<br>(2) A call may be revoked or postponed at the discretion of the Board.<br>A call may be made payable by installments.</td><td>Directors may make calls</td></tr></tbody></table>

331