Forms due to faults in any software/hardware system or otherwise.

In accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower the size of their Application (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Application amount) at any stage. Individual Bidders can revise or withdraw their Bid-Cum- Application Forms prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Allocation to Individual Bidders, in this Issue will be on a proportionate basis.

In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Bid-Cum- Application Form, for a particular Bidder, the details as per the file received from Stock Exchange may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical or electronic Bid-Cum- Application Form, for a particular ASBA Bidder, the Registrar to the Issue shall ask the relevant SCSBs / RTAs / DPs / stock brokers, as the case may be, for the rectified data.

Our Company in consultation with the BRLM, reserves the right to revise the Price Band during the Bid/ Issue Period. The revision in the Price Band shall not exceed 20% on either side, i.e. the Floor Price can move up or down to the extent of 20% of the Floor Price and the Cap Price will be revised accordingly. The Floor Price shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.

In case of any revision to the Price Band, the Bid/ Issue Period will be extended by at least three additional Working Days following such revision of the Price Band, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding a total of 10 (ten) Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company in consultation with the BRLM, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/ Issue Period for a minimum of three Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10 (ten) Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band and the revised Bid/ Issue Period, if applicable, will be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchange, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the respective websites of the BRLM and the terminals of the Syndicate Members, if any and by intimation to SCSBs, other Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank, as applicable. In case of revision of Price Band, the Bid Lot shall remain the same.