Committee dated September 22, 2025 and the Audit Committee has confirmed that the KPIs pertaining to our Company that have been disclosed to earlier investors at any point of time during the three years period prior to the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been disclosed in this section and have been verified and certified by Vishal .H. Shah & Associates, Chartered Accountants by way of their certificate dated September 22, 2025, which has been included in the list of material documents for inspection. For details, see "Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection" beginning on page 360.

The management of our Company has prepared a note that inter-alia takes on record GAAP, Non-GAAP and operational measures identified as KPIs along with the rationale for the classification of each of these KPIs under GAAP, Non-GAAP and operational measures along with the rationale for such classification. The note was placed before the members of our Audit Committee prior to the resolution dated September 22, 2025, approving and confirming the KPIs disclosed above.

Our Company confirms that it shall continue to disclose all the KPIs included in this chapter on a periodic basis, at least once in a year (or any lesser period as determined by the Board of our Company), for a duration of one year after the date of listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange or for such other duration as may be required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, the ongoing KPIs will continue to be certified by a member of an expert body as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Set forth below are the KPIs for the Fiscals ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 pertaining to our Company that have been used historically by our Company to understand and analyse the business performance, which in result, help us in analysing the growth of business of the Company and in turn, to assess the growth and progress of the business, and other relevant and material KPIs of the business of our Company that have a bearing for arriving at the basis for the Offer Price.

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Financial Year ended March 31, 2025</th><th>Financial Year ended March 31, 2024</th><th>Financial Year ended March 31, 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="5"><strong>Financial Measures</strong></td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>GAAP Measures</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total Income (₹ in Lakh)</td><td>8158.30</td><td>7629.51</td><td>4798.44</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Profit After Tax (₹ in Lakh)</td><td>1221.76</td><td>736.10</td><td>176.39</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Net Worth (₹ in Lakh)</td><td>7102.86</td><td>5880.64</td><td>5140.32</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Non-GAAP Measures</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>EBITDA(₹ in Lakh)</td><td>1749.93</td><td>1141.74</td><td>370.03</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>EBITDA Margin(%)</td><td>25.60%</td><td>15.08%</td><td>7.87%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>RoE (%)</td><td>17.20%</td><td>12.52%</td><td>3.43%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>RoCE (%)</td><td>21.09%</td><td>14.66%</td><td>6.16%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Debt to EBITDA Ratio</td><td>0.68</td><td>1.68</td><td>5.07</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Operational Measures</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Contribution to revenue from operations of top customers</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 1 Customer (%)</td><td>11.54%</td><td>13.19%</td><td>20.06%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 3 Customers (%)</td><td>29.38%</td><td>34.47%</td><td>44.47%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 5 Customers (%)</td><td>43.66%</td><td>45.61%</td><td>57.73%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 10 Customers (%)</td><td>59.92%</td><td>60.12%</td><td>69.10%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Contribution to purchase material of top suppliers</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 1 Supplier (%)</td><td>24%</td><td>29%</td><td>27%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 3 Suppliers (%)</td><td>50%</td><td>55%</td><td>49%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 5 Suppliers (%)</td><td>58%</td><td>60%</td><td>60%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Top 10 Suppliers (%)</td><td>71%</td><td>68%</td><td>78%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Notes:

i. All above figures are calculated from Restated Financial Statements

ii. EBITDA = PBT + (finance Costs+ depreciation and amortization expenses) - other income.

iii. EBITDA Margin is EBITDA as a percentage of Revenue from operation.

iv. PAT Margin is calculated as profit/ (loss) for the year/ period as a percentage of total income.

v. Return on Net Worth is PAT after exceptional items, as a % of Net Worth.

vi. ROCE (Return on Capital Employed) (%) is calculated as earnings before interest and taxes divided by average capital employed.