<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Eligibility Criteria</td><td>Details</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>The applicant company should have a Net worth of at least ₹ 15 crores for 2 preceding full financial years</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Track record of the company in terms of listing/ regulatory actions, etc.</td><td>The applicant company is listed on SME Exchange/ Platform having nationwide terminals for at least 3 years.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Regulatory Action</td><td><ul><li>No material regulatory action in the past 3 years like suspension of trading against the applicant company, promoters/promoter group by any stock Exchange having nationwide trading terminals.</li><li>No Debarment of company, promoters/promoter group, subsidiary company by SEBI.</li><li>No Disqualification/Debarment of directors of the company by any regulatory authority.</li><li>The applicant company has not received any winding up petition admitted by a NCLT</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>6.</td><td>Public Shareholder</td><td>The applicant company shall have a minimum of 250 public shareholders as per the latest shareholdings as per the latest shareholding pattern.</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>Other parameters like No. of shareholders, utilization of funds</td><td><ul><li>No proceedings have been admitted under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code against the applicant company and Promoting companies.</li><li>No pending Defaults in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to the debenture/bond/fixed deposit holders by the applicant, promoters/promoter group /promoting company(ies), Subsidiary Companies.</li><li>The applicant company shall obtain a certificate from a credit rating agency registered with SEBI with respect to utilization of funds as per the stated objective pursuant to IPO and/or further funds raised by the company, if any post listing on SME platform.</li><li>The applicant company has no pending investor complaints.</li></ul>Cooling off period of 2 months from the date the security has come out of trade-to-trade category or any other surveillance action.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Notes:

1. Net worth definition to be considered as per definition in SEBI ICDR.

2. Company is required to submit Information Memorandum to the Exchange as prescribed in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

3. The application submitted to the Exchange for listing and mere fulfilling the eligibility criteria does not amount to grant of approval for listing.

4. If the documents and clarification received from the applicant company are not to the satisfaction of NSE, NSE has the right to close the application at any point of time without giving any reason thereof. Thereafter, the company can make fresh application as per the extant norms.

5. The Exchange may reject application at any stage if the information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete / incorrect / misleading / false or for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Guidelines / Regulations issued by statutory authorities or for any reason in the interest of Investors and market integrity. The Exchange may also reject the application if the company is found not fulfilling internal NSE standards.

6. Companies that have approached for listing on any stock exchange and has been denied listing for any reason whatsoever or has chosen to withdraw its application from the Exchange, they may reapply for