<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>36.</td><td>Fifteen days' notice in writing of any call shall be given by the Company specifying the time and place of payment, and the person (3) or persons to whom such call shall be paid.</td><td>Notice of Calls</td></tr><tr><td>37.</td><td>A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board of Directors authorising such call was passed and may be made payable by the members whose names appear on the Register of Members on such date or at the discretion of the Directors on such subsequent date as may be fixed by Directors.</td><td>Calls to date from resolution.</td></tr><tr><td>38.</td><td>Whenever any calls for further share capital are made on shares, such calls shall be made on uniform basis on all shares falling under the same class. For the purposes of this Article shares of the same nominal value of which different amounts have been paid up shall not be deemed to fall under the same class.</td><td>Calls on uniform basis.</td></tr><tr><td>39.</td><td>The Board may, from time to time, at its discretion, extend the time fixed for the payment of any call and may extend such time as to all or any of the members who on account of the residence at a distance or other cause, which the Board may deem fairly entitled to such extension, but no member shall be entitled to such extension save as a matter of grace and favour.</td><td>Directors may extend time.</td></tr><tr><td>40.</td><td>If any Member fails to pay any call due from him on the day appointed for payment thereof, or any such extension thereof as aforesaid, he shall be liable to pay interest on the same from the day appointed for the payment thereof to the time of actual payment at such rate as shall from time to time be fixed by the Board not exceeding 21% per annum but nothing in this Article shall render it obligatory for the Board to demand or recover any interest from any such member.</td><td>Calls to carry interest.</td></tr><tr><td>41.</td><td>If by the terms of issue of any share or otherwise any amount is made payable at any fixed time or by installments at fixed time (whether on account of the amount of the share or by way of premium) every such amount or installment shall be payable as if it were a call duly made by the Directors and of which due notice has been given and all the provisions herein contained in respect of calls shall apply to such amount or installment accordingly.</td><td>Sums deemed to be calls.</td></tr><tr><td>42.</td><td>On the trial or hearing of any action or suit brought by the Company against any Member or his representatives for the recovery of any money claimed to be due to the Company in respect of his shares, if shall be sufficient to prove that the name of the Member in respect of whose shares the money is sought to be recovered, appears entered on the Register of Members as the holder, at or subsequent to the date at which the money is sought to be recovered is alleged to have become due on the share in respect of which such money is sought to be recovered in the Minute Books: and that notice of such call was duly given to the Member or his representatives used in pursuance of these Articles: and that it shall not be necessary to prove the appointment of the Directors who made such call, nor that a quorum of Directors was present at the Board at which any call was made was duly convened or constituted nor any other matters whatsoever, but the proof of the matters aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence of the debt.</td><td>Proof on trial of suit for money due on shares.</td></tr><tr><td>43.</td><td>Neither a judgment nor a decree in favour of the Company for calls or other moneys due in respect of any shares nor any part payment or satisfaction thereunder nor the receipt by the Company of a portion of any money which shall from time to time be due from any Member of the Company in respect of his shares, either by way of principal or interest, nor any indulgence granted by the Company in respect of the payment of any such money, shall preclude the Company from thereafter proceeding to enforce forfeiture of such shares as hereinafter provided.</td><td>Judgment, decree, partial payment motto proceed for forfeiture.</td></tr></tbody></table>