of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Individual investors who applies for minimum application size and not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted on a proportionate basis to QIBs, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Accordingly, we have allocated the Net Issue i.e. not more than 50% of the Net Issue to QIB and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual investors who applies for minimum application size and not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Non-institutional bidders.
4. Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion would not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws.
5. Not less than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors of which (i) one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 2 lakhs on and up to ₹ 10 lakhs; and (ii) two third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 10 lakhs provided that under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Category specified in (i) and (ii), may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non Institutional Portion and not less than 35% of the Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. The allocation to each Non Institutional Investor and Individual Bidders shall not be less than the minimum Non-Institutional Portion Individual Bidder portion respectively, and the remaining available equity shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportioned basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.
6. Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids.
7. In the event of over-subscription, allotment shall be made on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price. Allocation to investors in all categories, except the Retail Portion, shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid bids received at or above the Issue Price. The allocation to each Individual Investor shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, and subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Retail Portion, the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis.
8. SEBI through its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45) dated April 5, 2022, has prescribed that all individual investors applying in initial public offerings opening on or after May 1, 2022, where the application amount is up to ₹ 5 lakhs, shall use UPI. Individual investors bidding under the Non- Institutional Portion bidding for more than ₹ 2 lakhs and up to ₹ 5 lakhs, using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid-cum-Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

For details, including grounds for rejection of Bids, refer to “**Issue Structure**” and “**Issue Procedure**” beginning on pages 287 and 291, respectively. For details of the terms of the Issue, see “**Terms of the Issue**” on page 277.