<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>53.</td><td>Any Member whose shares have been forfeited shall notwithstanding the forfeiture, be liable to pay and shall forthwith pay to the Company, on demand all calls, installments, interest and expenses owing upon or in respect of such shares at the time of the forfeiture, together with interest thereon from the time of the forfeiture until payment, at such rate as the Board may determine and the Board may enforce the payment of the whole or a portion thereof as if it were a new call made at the date of the forfeiture, but shall not be under any obligation to do so.</td><td>Members still liable to pay money owing at time of forfeiture and interest.</td></tr><tr><td>54.</td><td>The forfeiture shares shall involve extinction at the time of the forfeiture, of all interest in all claims and demand against the Company, in respect of the share and all other rights incidental to the share, except only such of those rights as by these Articles are expressly saved.</td><td>Effect of forfeiture.</td></tr><tr><td>55.</td><td>A declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director or Secretary of the Company and that shares in the Company have been duly forfeited in accordance with these articles on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the shares.</td><td>Evidence of Forfeiture.</td></tr><tr><td>56.</td><td>The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale, re-allotment or other disposition thereof and the person to whom such share is sold, re-allotted or disposed of may be registered as the holder of the share and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the consideration: if any, nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularly or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale, re-allotment or other disposal of the shares.</td><td>Title of purchaser and allottee of Forfeited shares.</td></tr><tr><td>57.</td><td>Upon any sale, re-allotment or other disposal under the provisions of the preceding Article, the certificate or certificates originally issued in respect of the relative shares shall (unless the same shall on demand by the Company have been previously surrendered to it by the defaulting member) stand cancelled and become null and void and of no effect, and the Directors shall be entitled to issue a duplicate certificate or certificates in respect of the said shares to the person or persons entitled thereto.</td><td>Cancellation of share certificate in respect of forfeited shares.</td></tr><tr><td>58.</td><td>In the meantime and until any share so forfeited shall be sold, re-allotted, or otherwise dealt with as aforesaid, the forfeiture thereof may, at the discretion and by a resolution of the Directors, be remitted as a matter of grace and favour, and not as was owing thereon to the Company at the time of forfeiture being declared with interest for the same unto the time of the actual payment thereof if the Directors shall think fit to receive the same, or on any other terms which the Director may deem reasonable.</td><td>Forfeiture may be remitted.</td></tr><tr><td>59.</td><td>Upon any sale after forfeiture or for enforcing a lien in purported exercise of the powers hereinbefore given, the Board may appoint some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold and cause the purchaser's name to be entered in the Register of Members in respect of the Shares sold, and the purchasers shall not be bound to see to the regularity of the proceedings or to the application of the purchase money, and after his name has been entered in the Register of Members in respect of such Shares, the validity of the sale shall not be impeached by any person and the remedy of any person aggrieved by the sale shall be in damages only and against the Company exclusively.</td><td>Validity of sale</td></tr></tbody></table>