field and the beneficiary account remaining in "active status"; and (b) in the case of residents of Sikkim, the address as per the Demographic Details evidencing the same. All other applications in which PAN is not mentioned will be rejected;

17. Ensure that the Demographic Details are updated, true and correct in all respects;

18. Ensure that thumb impressions and signatures other than in the languages specified in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India are attested by a Magistrate or a Notary Public or a Special Executive Magistrate under official seal;

19. Ensure that the category and the investor status is indicated in the Bid cum Application Form to ensure proper upload of your Bid in the electronic Bidding system of the Stock Exchanges;

20. Ensure that in case of Bids under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporates, trust, etc., relevant documents, including a copy of the power of attorney, are submitted;

21. Ensure that Bids submitted by any person resident outside India should be in compliance with applicable foreign and Indian laws;

22. Individual Investors Bidding using the UPI Mechanism, should ensure that they approve the UPI Mandate Request generated by the Sponsor Bank to authorise blocking of funds equivalent to application amount and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment, in a timely manner;

23. Note that in case the DP ID, UPI ID (where applicable), Client ID and the PAN mentioned in their Bid cum Application Form and entered into the online IPO system of the Stock Exchanges by the relevant Designated Intermediary, as the case may be, do not match with the DP ID, UPI ID (where applicable), Client ID and PAN available in the Depository database, then such Bids are liable to be rejected;

24. However, Bids received from FPIs bearing the same PAN shall not be treated as multiple Bids in the event such FPIs utilise the MIM Structure and such Bids have been made with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs;

25. Ensure that you have accepted the UPI Mandate Request received from the Sponsor Bank prior to 12:00 p.m. of the Working Day immediately after the Bid/Issue Closing Date;

26. FPIs making MIM Bids using the same PAN, and different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs, were required to submit a confirmation that their Bids are under the MIM structure and indicate the name of their investment managers in such confirmation which shall be submitted along with each of their Bid cum Application Forms. In the absence of such confirmation from the relevant FPIs, such MIM Bids are liable to be rejected;

27. Ensure that Anchor Investors submit their Bid cum Application Forms only to the BRLM;

28. Ensure that while Bidding through a Designated Intermediary, the Bid cum Application Form (other than for Anchor Investors and IIs bidding using the UPI Mechanism) is submitted to a Designated Intermediary in a Bidding Centre and that the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as specified in the ASBA Form, is maintained has named at least one branch at that location for the Designated Intermediary to deposit ASBA Forms (a list of such branches is available on the website of SEBI (at www.sebi.gov.in) or such other websites as updated from time to time;

29. Ensure that you have correctly signed the authorization /undertaking box in the Bid cum Application Form, or have otherwise provided an authorization to the SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form at the time of submission of the Bid;

30. Individual Investors Bidding using the UPI Mechanism shall ensure that details of the Bid are reviewed and verified by opening the attachment in the UPI Mandate Request and then proceed to authorize the UPI Mandate Request using his/her UPI PIN. Upon the authorization of the mandate using his/her UPI PIN, the Individual Investor shall be deemed to have verified the attachment containing the application details of the Individual Investor Bidding using the UPI Mechanism in the UPI Mandate Request and have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount and authorized the Sponsor Bank to issue a request to block the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid Cum Application Form in his/her ASBA Account;

31. Individual Investors Bidding using the UPI Mechanism should mention valid UPI ID of only the Bidder (in case of single account) and of the First Bidder (in case of joint account) in the Bid cum Application Form;

32. Individual Investors Bidding using the UPI Mechanism, who have revised their Bids subsequent to making the initial Bid, should also approve the revised UPI Mandate Request generated by the Sponsor Bank to authorise blocking of funds equivalent to the revised Bid Amount in his/her account and subsequent debit of funds in case of allotment in a timely manner and;

33. Bids by Eligible NRIs and HUFs for a Bid Amount of less than ₹200,000 would be considered under the Retail Portion, and Bids for a Bid Amount exceeding ₹ 200,000 would be considered under the Non-Institutional Portion, for the purposes of allocation in the Issue.

34. Ensure that the Anchor Investors submit their Bid cum Application Forms only to the BRLM;

35. The ASBA Bidders shall ensure that that bids above ₹5,00,000 are uploaded only to the SCSBs.

The Bid cum Application Form is liable to be rejected if the above instructions, as applicable, are not complied with.

313