ISSUE STRUCTURE

This Issue is being made in terms of Regulation 229 (2) of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time, whereby, an issuer, whose post issue paid up face value capital is more than ten crore rupees and upto twenty-five crore rupees shall issue shares to the public and propose to list the same on the Small and Medium Enterprise Exchange (“SME Exchange”, in this case being the NSE Emerge (SME platform of NSE). For further details regarding the salient features and terms of such an issue see “Terms of the Issue” and “Issue Procedure” on page 277 and 291 respectively.

Issue Structure

Initial Public Issue of up to 60,03,200* Equity Shares of ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (including a Share Premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share), aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs by the our Company.

*Subject to finalization of Basis of Allotment

The Issue comprises reservation of up to [●] Equity Shares of ₹10 each for subscription by the designated Market Maker (the “Market Maker Reservation Portion”) and Net Issue to Public of up to [●] Equity Shares of ₹10 each (the “Net Issue”). The Issue and the Net Issue will constitute [●] % and [●] %, respectively of the post Issue paid up equity share capital of the Company. The Issue is being made through the Book Building Process. This Issue is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars <sup>(2)</sup></th><th>Market Maker<br>Reservation Portion</th><th>QIBs <sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Non-Institutional<br>Bidders / Investors</th><th>Individual Bidders /<br>Investors</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><th scope="row">Number of Equity<br>Shares available for<br>Allotment/<br>allocation*</th><td>Upto [●] Equity<br>Shares</td><td>Not more than [●]<br>Equity Shares,</td><td>Not less than [●]<br>Equity Shares<br>available for<br>allocation or Issue<br>less allocation to<br>QIBs and<br>Individual Bidders</td><td>Not less than [●]<br>Equity Shares<br>available for<br>allocation or Issue<br>less allocation to<br>QIBs and Non-<br>Institutional Bidders</td></tr><tr><th scope="row">Percentage of Issue<br>Size available for<br>Allotment/<br>allocation</th><td>[●] of the Issue Size</td><td>Not more than 50% of<br>the Net Issue being<br>available for<br>allocation to QIB<br>Bidders. However, up<br>to 5% of the Net QIB<br>Portion will be<br>available for<br>allocation<br>proportionately to<br>Mutual Funds only.<br>Mutual Funds<br>participating in the<br>Mutual Fund Portion<br>will also be eligible<br>for allocation in the<br>remaining QIB<br>Portion. The<br>unsubscribed portion<br>in the Mutual Fund<br>Portion will be added<br>to the Net QIB Portion</td><td>Not less than 15% of<br>the Net Issue subject<br>to the following;<br>(a) one third of the<br>portion available<br>to non-<br>institutional<br>investors shall<br>be reserved for<br>applicants with<br>application size<br>of more than two<br>lots and up to<br>such lots<br>equivalent to not<br>more than ₹10<br>lakhs ; and<br>(b) two third of the<br>portion available<br>to non-<br>institutional<br>investors shall<br>be reserved for<br>applicants with<br>application size<br>of more than ₹10<br>lakhs<br>provided that the</td><td>Not less than 35% of<br>the Net Issue.</td></tr></tbody></table>

287