<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>72.</td><td>The Executors or Administrators of a deceased Member or holders of a Succession Certificate or the Legal Representatives in respect of the Shares of a deceased Member (not being one of two or more joint holders) shall be the only persons recognized by the Company as having any title to the Shares registered in the name of such Members, and the Company shall not be bound to recognize such Executors or Administrators or holders of Succession Certificate or the Legal Representative unless such Executors or Administrators or Legal Representative shall have first obtained Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate as the case may be from a duly constituted Court in the Union of India provided that in any case where the Board of Directors in its absolute discretion thinks fit, the Board upon such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as the Directors may deem proper dispense with production of Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate and register Shares standing in the name of a deceased Member, as a Member. However, provisions of this Article are subject to Sections 72 of the Companies Act.</td><td>Titles of Shares of deceased Member</td></tr><tr><td>73.</td><td>Where, in case of partly paid Shares, an application for registration is made by the transferor, the Company shall give notice of the application to the transferee in accordance with the provisions of Section 56 of the Act.</td><td>Notice of application when to be given</td></tr><tr><td>74.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, any person becoming entitled to any share in consequence of the death, lunacy, bankruptcy, insolvency of any member or by any lawful means other than by a transfer in accordance with these presents, may, with the consent of the Directors (which they shall not be under any obligation to give) upon producing such evidence that he sustains the character in respect of which he proposes to act under this Article or of this title as the Director shall require either be registered as member in respect of such shares or elect to have some person nominated by him and approved by the Directors registered as Member in respect of such shares; provided nevertheless that if such person shall elect to have his nominee registered he shall testify his election by executing in favour of his nominee an instrument of transfer in accordance so he shall not be freed from any liability in respect of such shares. This clause is hereinafter referred to as the 'Transmission Clause'.</td><td>Registration of persons entitled to share otherwise than by transfer (transmission clause).</td></tr><tr><td>75.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, the Directors shall have the same right to refuse or suspend register a person entitled by the transmission to any shares or his nominee as if he were the Transferee named in an ordinary transfer presented for registration.</td><td>Refusal to register nominee.</td></tr><tr><td>76.</td><td>Every transmission of a share shall be verified in such manner as the Directors may require and the Company may refuse to register any such transmission until the same be so verified or until or unless an indemnity be given to the Company with regard to such registration which the Directors at their discretion shall consider sufficient, provided nevertheless that there shall not be any obligation on the Company or the Directors to accept any indemnity.</td><td>Board may require evidence of transmission.</td></tr></tbody></table>