Capital Employed includes Tangible Net Worth, Total Borrowings & Deffered Tax Liabilities..
vii. Debt to EBITDA ratio is calculated by dividing a company's total debt (including both short-term and long-term debt) by its Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA).

Explanation for the Key Performance Indicators

<table><thead><tr><td>KPI</td><td>Explanation</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Total Income:</td><td>Total Income represents the scale of our business and provides information of our Company's operating and non-operating income</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA:</td><td>EBITDA is calculated as Restated profit / loss Before tax plus finance costs, depreciation and amortization expense excluding and other income. EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business of our Company and enables comparison of year-on-year performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin:</td><td>EBITDA Margin is the percentage of EBITDA divided by Revenue from operations and is an indicator of the operational profitability of our business before interest, depreciation, amortisation, and taxes and reduce by other income.</td></tr><tr><td>PAT:</td><td>PAT represents the profit / loss that our Company makes for the financial year or during a given period. It provides information regarding the profitability of the business of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>PAT Margin:</td><td>PAT Margin is the ratio of PAT to the total revenue. This provides the financial benchmarking against peers as well as to compare against the historical performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Net Worth</td><td>Return on Net Worth refers to Profit after Taxes divided by Net Worth as at the end of the year. Return on Net Worth is an indicator of our Company's efficiency as it measures our Company's profitability, and is indicative of the profit generated by our Company against the equity contribution</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Capital Employed</td><td>ROCE provides how efficiently our Company generates earnings from the average capital employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Debt to EBITDA</td><td>Debt to EBITDA measures the amount of income that is available to pay down debt before covering interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization expenses.</td></tr><tr><td>Contribution to revenue from operations of top 1, 3, 5, and 10 customers</td><td>This metric enables us to track the contribution of our key customers to our revenue and also assess any concentration risks.</td></tr><tr><td>Contribution to purchase material of top 1, 3, 5 and 10 suppliers</td><td>This metric enables us to track the contribution of our key suppliers to our purchases and also assess any concentration risks.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Description on the historic use of the KPIs by our Company to analyse, track or monitor the operational and/or financial performance of our Company.

In evaluating our business, we consider and use certain KPIs, as stated above, as a supplemental measure to review and assess our financial performance. The presentation of these KPIs is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the Restated Financial Information. We use these KPIs to evaluate our financial performance. Some of these KPIs are not defined under AS and are not presented in accordance with AS. These KPIs have limitations as analytical tools. Further, these KPIs may differ from the similar information used by other companies and hence their comparability may be limited. Therefore, these metrics should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Standards measures of performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity or results of operation.

Although these KPIs are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our management believes that it provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating our