participant.

## Bid / Issue Period

<table><tr><td>BID/ISSUE OPENS ON</td><td>[•]<sup>(1)</sup></td></tr><tr><td>BID/ISSUE CLOSES ON</td><td>[•]<sup>(2)(3)</sup></td></tr></table>

(1) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period shall be 1 (one) Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(2) Our Company, shall, in consultation with the BRLM, consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs (1) one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(3) UPI mandate end time and date shall be 5.00 PM on Bid/Issue Closing Date.

An indicative timetable in respect of the Issue is set out below:

<table><thead><tr><td>Event</td><td>Indicative Date</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>ANCHOR PORTION BID/ISSUE OPENS/CLOSES ON</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>BID/ISSUE OPENING DATE</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>BID/ISSUE CLOSING DATE</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>FINALISATION OF BASIS OF ALLOTMENT WITH THE DESIGNATED STOCK EXCHANGE (T+1)</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr><tr><td>INITIATION OF REFUNDS (IF ANY, FOR ANCHOR INVESTORS)/ UNBLOCKING OF FUNDS FROM ASBA ACCOUNT (T+2)*</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr><tr><td>CREDIT OF EQUITY SHARES TO DEMAT ACCOUNTS OF ALLOTTEES (T+2)</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr><tr><td>COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING OF THE EQUITY SHARES ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE (T+3)</td><td>On or about [•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

** In case of (i) any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) exceeding 2 (two) Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date for cancelled / withdrawn / deleted ASBA Forms, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher from the date on which the request for cancellation/ withdrawal/ deletion is placed in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform until the date on which the amounts are unblocked (ii) any blocking of multiple amounts for the same ASBA Form (for amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism), the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate ₹ 100 per day or 15% per annum of the total cumulative blocked amount except the original application amount, whichever is higher from the date on which such multiple amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iii) any blocking of amounts more than the Bid Amount, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day or 15% per annum of the difference in amount, whichever is higher from the date on which such excess amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iv) any delay in unblocking of non-allotted/ partially allotted Bids, exceeding 2 (two) Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date by the SCSB responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in its sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall be liable for compensating the Bidder at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher from the date of receipt of the investor grievance until the date on which the blocked amounts are unblocked. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 and SEBI Circular no: SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022, and SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June21, 2023 in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds, shall be deemed to be incorporated in the agreements to be entered into by and between our Company and the relevant intermediaries, to the extent applicable.

The above timetable is indicative and does not constitute any obligation on our Company or the BRLM.

Whilst our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for the listing and the commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange are taken within 3 (three) Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the timetable may change due to various factors, such as extension of the Bid/Issue Period by our Company, revision of the Price Band or any delays in receiving the final listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchange. The Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares will be entirely at the discretion of the Stock Exchange and in accordance with the applicable laws.

Bid-Cum Application Forms and any revisions to the same will be accepted only between 10.00 A.M. to 5.00 P.M. (IST) during the Issue Period (except for the Bid/Issue Closing Date). On the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the Submission and Revision in Bid will be accepted only between 10.00 a.m. to 3.00 p.m. (IST) for Individual Investors Applicants. The time for applying for Individual Applicants on Bid/Issue Closing Date may be extended in consultation with the BRLM, RTA and NSE taking into account the total number of Bids received up to the closure of timings.

SEBI is in the process of streamlining and reducing the post offer timeline for IPOs. Any circulars or notifications from SEBI after the date of the Red Draft Red Herring Prospectus may result in changes to the above-mentioned timelines. Further, the offer procedure is subject to change basis any revised SEBI circulars to this effect.