expected, which could impact the overall financial position of the company and the projected cash flow. This financial uncertainty could also affect our ability to service other obligations or meet operational requirements.

For details of the funds utilization for IPO, please refer the page 85 of the chapter "Object of the Issue".

**14. One of our objects of the issue includes Loan to Subsidiary Company, Ecofuel Cylinders Private Limited to meet its working capital requirements. Its inability to meet the working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on the results of operations.**

Our subsidiary company's business demands a significant amount of working capital, with a substantial portion allocated to inventory management and trade receivables. Efficient working capital management is crucial for our operations. If we face challenges in sourcing the necessary working capital, it could impede our ability to meet client demands promptly or, in some cases, at all. Even if we secure the required funds, we cannot guarantee that they will be adequate to cover our cost estimates, and any unforeseen increase in expenses may impact the pricing of our products.

**15. Our Company has not made any firm arrangements for the implementation of the capital expenditure proposed.**

Of the total objects of the Fresh Issue, an amount of Rs. 1,298.58 lakhs is proposed to be utilised towards meeting capital expenditure towards Purchase of Vehicles, Modification, kit, Development & Approval cost. While we have obtained quotations from the respective vendors, we are yet to place our order / appoint such vendors for supply / implementation of the capital expenditure as proposed. Although the validity of the quotations are valid as on the date of filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or going to expired in due course of time, the Promoters and management are confident that such services / plant and machineries will be available at the price as per the quotation given by various suppliers. In case, at the time of placing the order, our company would not be able to acquire such vehicles and other approvals at the expected price, we are subject to risks on account of inflation in the price. For further details of the capital expenditure, please refer the section "Objects of the Issue" on page 85 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**16. Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees and securities to secure certain of our loan facilities, which if revoked or invoked may require alternative guarantees, repayment of amounts due or termination of the facilities.**

Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees and mortgaged certain immovable properties in relation to our loan facilities and may continue to provide such guarantees and securities after the listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue.

The following Promoter / members of Promoter Group has given their personal guarantees in relation to our secured credit facilities:

<table><thead><tr><td>S.No.</td><td>Guarantee Issued by</td><td>Guarantee Issued in favour of</td><td>Borrower</td><td>Guarantee Amount</td><td>Type of Facility</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Virendra Vora, Vibha Vora and Nemin Vora</td><td>Dhanlaxmi Bank</td><td>Company</td><td>20,00,00,000</td><td>Working Capital(Cash Credit)</td></tr></tbody></table>

The guarantee set out above have been issued as security in connection with the facilities availed by our Company. The financial implications in case of default by the borrower are that the lender would be entitled to invoke the guarantees to the extent of the outstanding loan amount together with any interests, costs or charges due to the respective lenders. The guarantees are effective for a period until the underlying loan is to be repaid in full by the respective borrower. Any default or failure by our Company or the relevant borrower entity to repay the loans in a timely manner, or at all, could trigger repayment obligations on the part of our Promoter. For further details of the security, please see, "Financial Indebtedness" and "Restated Financial Information" on page 253 and 189, respectively".

**17. Our Company is in the process of changing in the sourcing of the one of the component of our kit i.e cylinder. Any impact on change in such component sourcing may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.**