<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>60.</td><td>The Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Act, accept a surrender of any share from or by any Member desirous of surrendering on such terms the Directors may think fit.</td><td>Surrender of shares.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF SHARES</td></tr><tr><td>61.</td><td>(a) Subject to provisions of Article 82, the instrument of transfer of any share in or debenture of the Company shall be executed by or on behalf of both the transferor and transferee.<br/>The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share or debenture until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members or Register of Debenture holders in respect thereof.</td><td>Execution of the instrument of shares.</td></tr><tr><td>62.</td><td>Subject to provisions of Article 82, the instrument of transfer of any share or debenture shall be in writing and all the provisions of Section 56 and statutory modification thereof including other applicable provisions of the Act shall be duly complied with in respect of all transfers of shares or debenture and registration thereof. (b) The instrument of transfer shall be in a common form approved by the Exchange;</td><td>Transfer Form.</td></tr><tr><td>63.</td><td>The Company shall not register a transfer in the Company other than the transfer between persons both of whose names are entered as holders of beneficial interest in the records of a depository and shares under transfer are in dematerialized form and a proper instrument of transfer is delivered through depository participant. provided further that nothing in this Article shall prejudice any power of the Company to register as shareholder any person to whom the right to any shares in the Company has been transmitted by operation of law.</td><td>Transfer not to be registered except in dematerialized form and on production of instrument of transfer.</td></tr><tr><td>64.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of Section 58 of the Act and Section 22A of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Directors may, decline to register—<br/>any transfer of shares on which the company has a lien.<br/>That registration of transfer shall however not be refused on the ground of the transferor being either alone or jointly with any other person or persons indebted to the Company on any account whatsoever;</td><td>Directors may refuse to register transfer.</td></tr><tr><td>65.</td><td>If the Company refuses to register the transfer of any share or transmission of any right therein, the Company shall within one month from the date on which the instrument of transfer or intimation of transmission was lodged with the Company, send notice of refusal to the transferee and transferor or to the person giving intimation of the transmission, as the case may be, and there upon the provisions of Section 56 of the Act or any statutory modification thereof for the time being in force shall apply.</td><td>Notice of refusal to be given to transferor and transferee.</td></tr><tr><td>66.</td><td>No fee shall be charged for registration of transfer, transmission, Probate, Succession Certificate and letter of administration, Certificate of Death or Marriage, Power of Attorney or similar other document with the Company.</td><td>No fee on transfer.</td></tr></tbody></table>