ISSUE PROCEDURE

All Bidders should read the 'General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues' prepared and issued in accordance with the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020 notified by SEBI and updated pursuant to the circular (CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015 as amended and modified by the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26) dated January 21, 2016, and SEBI Circular bearing number (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22) dated February 15, 2018 and Circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated November 01, 2018, notified by SEBI ("General Information Document") and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019, included below under Section "PART B - General Information Document", which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 and the ICDR Regulations. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Book Running Lead Manager. The document will be updated to reflect the enactments and regulations including then Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, SEBI Listing Regulations and certain notified provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to a public issue. Please refer to the relevant portions of the General Information Document which are applicable to this Issue. The investors should note that the details and process provided in the General Information Document should be read along with this section.

All Designated Intermediaries in relation to the Issue should ensure compliance with the SEBI circular (CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015, as amended and modified by the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26) dated January 21, 2016 and SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22) dated February 15, 2018 and (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated November 1, 2018, in relation to clarifications on streamlining the process of public issue of equity shares and convertibles as amended and modified by the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 June 28, 2019, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019.

Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information, in addition to what is stated herein, in relation to (i) category of Bidders eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum Application size; (iii) price discovery and allocation; (iv) payment instructions for Bidders applying through ASBA process and Individual Investors applying through the United Payments Interface channel; (v) issuance of Confirmation of Allocation Note ("CAN") and Allotment in the Issue; (vi) general instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Bid Cum Application Form); (vii) Designated Date; (viii) disposal of Applications; (ix) submission of Bid Cum Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint Applications in cases of individual, multiple Applications and instances when an Application would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious Applications; (xii) mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI through its UPI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (UPI) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for IIs applying through Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days ("UPI Phase I"). The UPI Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019.

Subsequently, for applications by Individual Investors through Designated Intermediaries, the process of physical movement of forms from Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism with existing timeline of T+6 days is applicable for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later ("UPI Phase II"), with effect from July 1, 2019, by SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76) dated June 28, 2019, read with circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85) dated July 26, 2019. Further, as per the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133) dated November 8, 2019, the UPI Phase II had been extended until March 31, 2020. However, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, UPI Phase II has been further extended by SEBI until further notice, by its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020. Thereafter, the final reduced timeline of T+3 days may be made effective using the UPI Mechanism for applications by Individual Investors ("UPI Phase III"), as may be prescribed by SEBI. Further, SEBI, vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, has introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances. This circular is effective for initial public offers opening on/or after May 1, 2021, except as amended pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, and SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51