<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No</td><td>Particulars</td><td></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>amount credited as paid up thereon as may be agreed upon; and any such bonds, debentures or other securities may be either specifically charged upon all or any part of the property of the Company and its uncalled capital or not so charged.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(5) To insure and keep insured against loss or damage by fire or otherwise for such period and to such extent as they may think proper all or any part of the buildings, machinery, goods, stores, produce and other moveable property of the Company either separately or co- jointly; also to insure all or any portion of the goods, produce, machinery and other articles imported or exported by the Company and to sell, assign, surrender or discontinue any policies of assurance effected in pursuance of this power.</td><td>To insure properties of the Company.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(6) To open accounts with any Bank or Bankers and to pay money into and draw money from any such account from time to time as the Directors may think fit.</td><td>To open Bank accounts.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(7) To secure the fulfillment of any contracts or engagement entered into by the Company by mortgage or charge on all or any of the property of the Company including its whole or part of its undertaking as a going concern and its uncalled capital for the time being or in such manner as they think fit.</td><td>To secure contracts by way of mortgage.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(8) To accept from any member, so far as may be permissible by law, a surrender of the shares or any part thereof, on such terms and conditions as shall be agreed upon.</td><td>To accept surrender of shares.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(9) To appoint any person to accept and hold in trust, for the Company property belonging to the Company, or in which it is interested or for any other purposes and to execute and to do all such deeds and things as may be required in relation to any such trust, and to provide for the remuneration of such trustee or trustees.</td><td>To appoint trustees for the Company.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(10) To institute, conduct, defend, compound or abandon any legal proceeding by or against the Company or its Officer, or otherwise concerning the affairs and also to compound and allow time for payment or satisfaction of any debts, due, and of any claims or demands by or against the Company and to refer any difference to arbitration, either according to Indian or Foreign law and either in India or abroad and observe and perform or challenge any award thereon.</td><td>To conduct legal proceedings.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(11) To act on behalf of the Company in all matters relating to bankruptcy insolvency.</td><td>Bankruptcy & Insolvency</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(12) To make and give receipts, release and give discharge for moneys payable to the Company and for the claims and demands of the Company.</td><td>To issue receipts & give discharge.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(14) To execute in the name and on behalf of the Company in favour of any Director or other person who may incur or be about to incur any personal liability whether as principal or as surety, for the benefit of the Company, such mortgage of the Company's property (present or future) as they think fit, and any such mortgage may contain a power of sale and other powers, provisions, covenants and agreements as shall be agreed upon;</td><td>To give Security by way of indemnity.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(15) To determine from time to time persons who shall be entitled to sign on Company's behalf, bills, notes, receipts, acceptances, endorsements, cheques, dividend warrants, releases, contracts and documents and to give the necessary authority for such purpose, whether by way of a resolution of the Board or by way of a power of attorney or otherwise.</td><td>To determine signing powers.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(16) To give to any Director, Officer, or other persons employed by the Company, a commission on the profits of any particular business or transaction, or a share in the general profits of the company; and such commission or share of profits shall be treated as part of the working expenses of the Company.</td><td>Commission or share in profits.</td></tr></tbody></table>

349