<table><thead><tr><td>Scenario</td><td>Compensation amount</td><td>Compensation period</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Blocking more amount than the Bid Amount</td><td>1. Instantly revoke the difference amount, i.e., the blocked amount less the Bid Amount; and<br/>2. ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the difference amount, whichever is higher</td><td>From the date on which the funds to the excess of the Bid Amount were blocked till the date of actual unblock</td></tr><tr><td>Delayed unblock for non-Allotted/partially Allotted applications</td><td>₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher</td><td>From the Working Day subsequent to the finalisation of the Basis of Allotment till the date of actual unblock</td></tr></tbody></table>

All grievances (other than from Anchor Investors) in relation to the Bidding process may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary to whom the Bid cum Application Form was submitted. The Bidder should give full details such as name of the sole or first Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidder DP ID, Client ID, PAN, UPI ID, date of the submission of Bid cum Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for and the name and address of the Designated Intermediary where the Bid cum Application Form was submitted by the Bidder. Further, the Bidder shall also enclose a copy of the Acknowledgement Slip duly received from the concerned Designated Intermediary in addition to the information mentioned hereinabove.

All Offer-related grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Book Running Lead Manager, giving full details such as the name of the sole or First Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidders' DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Bid cum Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the Book Running Lead Manager where the Bid cum Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor.

The Registrar to the Offer shall obtain the required information from the SCSBs and Sponsor Bank(s) for addressing any clarifications or grievances of ASBA Bidders. Our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager and the Registrar to the Offer accept no responsibility for errors, omissions, commission or any acts of SCSBs including any defaults in complying with its obligations under applicable SEBI ICDR Regulations. Investors can contact our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or the Registrar to the Offer in case of any pre-Offer or post-Offer related problems such as non-receipt of letters of Allotment, non-credit of allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund intimations and non-receipt of funds by electronic mode.

Our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager and the Registrar to the Offer accept no responsibility for errors, omissions, commission or any acts of SCSBs including any defaults in complying with its obligations under applicable SEBI ICDR Regulations.

## Disposal of Investor Grievances by Our Company

Our Company shall, post the filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, apply for the authentication on the SCORES in terms of the SEBI circular no. CIR/OIAE/1/2014 dated December 18, 2014, the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/2019/86 dated August 2, 2019, the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/2021/642 dated October 14, 2021 and the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/P/CIR/2022/0150 dated November 7, 2022, issued by SEBI in relation to redressal of investor grievances through SCORES.

Our Company has also constituted a Stakeholders' Relationship Committee to review and redress shareholder and investor grievances. See "*Our Management – Committees of the Board – Stakeholders' Relationship Committee*" on page 238.

Our Company has appointed Mohd. Faiyaz Rafik Mansuri as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer for the Offer, and he may be contacted in case of any pre-Offer or post-Offer related problems. For details, see "*General Information*" on page 82.

Our Company has not received any investor grievances during the three years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and there are no investor complaints pending as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.