details of installed capacity and capacity utilization, see the section titled "*Our Business – Installed capacity and capacity utilization*" on page 205 of this DRHP.

Further, there is no guarantee that our future production or capacity utilization levels will match or exceed our historical levels. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term could increase our cost of production and our operating costs and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. Our expected return on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business, our ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. In case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilize our capacity efficiently.

27. There have been certain delay in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by our Company in future, may result in the imposition of penalties and in turn may have as adverse effect on our Company's business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.

Our Company is required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions and employee state insurance contributions under the Employees' Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and the Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948, respectively, and professional taxes. The table below sets forth the details of the delays in statutory dues payable by our Company for the periods indicated below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Number of Instances</th><th>Amount delayed (₹ in million)</th><th>Number of Instances</th><th>Amount delayed (₹ in million)</th><th>Number of Instances</th><th>Amount delayed (₹ in million)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>The Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provision Act, 1952</td><td>1</td><td>0.04</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>2</td><td>0.38</td></tr><tr><td>Employee State Insurance Act, 1948</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>3</td><td>0.05</td></tr><tr><td>Professional Taxes</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax Act, 1961 (TDS other than Salary)</td><td>3</td><td>0.24</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax Act, 1961 (TDS on Salary)</td><td>1</td><td>2.55</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Income Tax Act, 1961 (TCS)</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>5</strong></td><td><strong>2.83</strong></td><td><strong>-</strong></td><td><strong>-</strong></td><td><strong>5</strong></td><td><strong>0.43</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

The table below sets forth the instances of default or non-payment of statutory dues by our Company for the years indicated below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Number of Instances</th><th>Amount delayed (₹ in million)</th><th>Number of Instances</th><th>Amount delayed (₹ in million)</th><th>Number of Instances</th><th>Amount delayed (₹ in million)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>The Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provision Act, 1952</td><td>7</td><td>0.29</td><td>23</td><td>0.17</td><td>36</td><td>0.20</td></tr><tr><td>Employee State Insurance Act, 1948</td><td>1</td><td>0.00</td><td>9</td><td>0.00</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Goods & Service Tax Act, 2017</td><td>1</td><td>0.86</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>9</strong></td><td><strong>1.15</strong></td><td><strong>32</strong></td><td><strong>0.17</strong></td><td><strong>36</strong></td><td><strong>0.20</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

The instances of default / non-payment of employee dues during the last three Fiscals are primarily due to KYC issues at the employee level. While we cannot guarantee that similar default or non-payment or delays or delays in payment of other statutory dues will not occur in the future. Such delays could result in penalties, interest charges, or other legal actions by the relevant authorities, which could adversely impact our financial performance and reputation.