risks could include unfamiliarity with pricing dynamics, competition and operational issues as well as our ability to retain key management and employees. We cannot assure you that we will not experience issues such as capital constraints and challenges in retaining and training our skilled personnel, or that we will be able to implement management, operational and financial systems, procedures and control systems that are adequate to support our future growth. Moreover, we may be unable to anticipate, understand and address the preferences of our existing and prospective consumers or to understand evolving industry trends and our failure to adequately do so could adversely affect our business. Failure to meet consumer demand in a timely manner or at all will adversely affect our competitive position. Any of these risks may place us at a competitive disadvantage, limiting our growth opportunities and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.

If we are not successful in implementing our business plans or growth strategies in a timely manner or within budget estimates or manage our expansion, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

**4. Our Manufacturing Facilities are concentrated in the states of Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu in India. Any significant social, political, economic or seasonal disruption, natural calamities or civil disruptions in the state of Maharashtra or Tamil Nadu could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.**

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we manufacture our products at our five Manufacturing Facilities with four of them located in the state of Maharashtra, being Taloja Unit, Wada Unit, Mankoli Unit and Rabale Unit and one in the state of Tamil Nadu, being Chennai Unit. The below table sets forth unit-wise revenue break up for the periods indicated below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Mankholi Unit</td><td>1,829.14</td><td>38.40%</td><td>1,069.79</td><td>31.51%</td><td>1,246.52</td><td>33.63%</td></tr><tr><td>Taloja Unit</td><td>1,335.31</td><td>28.03%</td><td>1,082.37</td><td>31.88%</td><td>1,296.68</td><td>34.98%</td></tr><tr><td>Rabale Unit</td><td>827.82</td><td>17.38%</td><td>796.09</td><td>23.45%</td><td>772.76</td><td>20.85%</td></tr><tr><td>Wada Unit</td><td>387.32</td><td>8.13%</td><td>75.51</td><td>2.22%</td><td>71.00</td><td>1.92%</td></tr><tr><td>Chennai Unit</td><td>384.29</td><td>8.07%</td><td>371.12</td><td>10.93%</td><td>319.48</td><td>8.62%</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>4,763.88</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>3,394.88</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td><td><strong>3,706.45</strong></td><td><strong>100.00%</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

Our Manufacturing Facilities and our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, political, demographic and population changes, adverse regulatory developments civil unrest and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Such disruptions could result in the damage or destruction of one or more of our manufacturing capabilities, significant delays in shipments of our products and/or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The occurrence of any of these events could require us to incur significant capital expenditure or change our business structure or strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition. While we have not experienced any such disruptions in the last three years in our operations due to the concentration of our manufacturing facilities in the state of Maharashtra or Tamil Nadu, we cannot assure you that there will not be any significant developments in these regions in the future that may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any significant social, political, economic or seasonal disruption, natural calamities or civil disruptions in areas of future expansion could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in the future.

**5. We derive a significant portion of revenue from operations from exports. Our growth plans and exports may be dependent on the policies passed by the governments of the markets into which we export and any unfavourable change in such policies may adversely affect our business.**

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from operations from overseas markets out of which substantial portion is received from the sale of our products in North America. The table below sets forth our export revenues generated from the sale of our products, including as a percentage of our revenue from operations for the years indicated: