<table><tr><td></td><td>at such time as they may from time to time think fit and with the sanction of the Company in General Meeting and to give to any person the option to call or put for any such securities either at par or at a premium or at a discount during such time and for such consideration as the Directors think fit.</td><td>of share warrants</td></tr><tr><td>54.</td><td>The Company may, by special resolution as prescribed by the Act, reduce in any manner and in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Rules, —<br/>(a) its share capital; and/or<br/>(b) any capital redemption reserve account; and/or<br/>(c) any securities premium account; and/or<br/>(d) any other reserve in the nature of share capital.</td><td>Reduction of capital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="10">55.</td><td>Where two or more persons are registered as joint holders (not more than three) of any share, they shall be deemed (so far as the Company is concerned) to hold the same as joint tenants with benefits of survivorship, subject to the following and other provisions contained in these Articles:</td><td>Joint holders</td></tr><tr><td>(a) The joint-holders of any share shall be liable severally as well as jointly for and in respect of all calls or instalments and other payments which ought to be made in respect of such share.</td><td>Liability of Joint holders</td></tr><tr><td>(b) On the death of any one or more of such joint-holders, the survivor or survivors shall be the only person or persons recognized by the Company as having any title to the share but the Board may require such evidence of death as they may deem fit, and nothing herein contained shall be taken to release the estate of a deceased joint-holder from any liability on shares held by him jointly with any other person.</td><td>Death of one or more joint-holders</td></tr><tr><td>(c) Any one of such joint holders may give effectual receipts of any dividends, interests or other moneys payable in respect of such share.</td><td>Receipt of one Sufficient</td></tr><tr><td>(d) Only the person whose name stands first in the register of members as one of the joint-holders of any share shall be entitled to the delivery of certificate, if any, relating to such share or to receive notice (which term shall be deemed to include all relevant documents) and any notice served on or sent to such person shall be deemed service on all the joint-holders.</td><td>Delivery of certificate and giving of notice to first named holder</td></tr><tr><td>(e) (i) Any one of two or more joint-holders may vote at any meeting either personally or by attorney or by proxy in respect of such shares as if he were solely entitled thereto and if more than one of such joint holders be present at any meeting personally or by proxy or by attorney then that one of such persons so present whose name stands first or higher (as the case may be) on the register in respect of such shares shall alone be entitled to vote in respect thereof.</td><td>Vote of joint holders</td></tr><tr><td>(ii) Several executors or administrators of a deceased member in whose (deceased member) sole name any share stands, shall for the purpose of this clause be deemed joint-holders.</td><td>Executors or administrators as joint holders</td></tr><tr><td>(f) The provisions of these Articles relating to joint holders of shares shall mutatis mutandis apply to any other securities including debentures of the Company registered in joint names.</td><td>Provisions as to joint holders as to shares to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Capitalization of profits</strong></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>56. (1)</td><td>The Company by ordinary resolution in general meeting may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve —<br/>(a) that it is desirable to capitalize any part of the amount for the time being standing to the credit of any of the Company's reserve accounts, or to the credit of the profit and loss account, or otherwise available for distribution; and<br/>(b) that such sum be accordingly set free for distribution in the manner specified in clause (2) below amongst the members who would have been</td><td>Capitalization</td></tr></table>

413