Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 (to the extent not rescinded by the SEBI ICDR Master Circular in relation to the SEBI ICDR Regulations), applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories). Accordingly, Stock Exchanges shall, for all categories of investors and other reserved categories and also for all modes through which the applications are processed, accept the ASBA applications in their electronic book building platform only with a mandatory confirmation on the application monies blocked.

In terms of Regulation 23(5) and Regulation 52 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the timelines and processes mentioned in the SEBI RTA Master Circular shall continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead manager shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process. In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date by the intermediary responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. Additionally, SEBI has reduced the time period for refund of application monies from 15 days to two days.

Our Company, the Selling Shareholders and the Syndicate and are not liable for any amendment, modification or change in the applicable law which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that their Bids are submitted in accordance with applicable laws and do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or as specified in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

Further our Company, the Selling Shareholders and the Syndicate Members are not liable for any adverse occurrences consequent to the implementation of the UPI Mechanism for application in this Offer.

Pursuant to circular no. NSDL/CIR/II/28/2023 dated August 8, 2023 issued by NSDL and circular no. CDSL/OPS/RTA/POLCY/2023/161 dated August 8, 2023 issued by CDSL, our Company may request the Depositories to suspend/ freeze the ISIN in depository system till listing/ trading effective date. Pursuant to the aforementioned circulars, our Company may request the Depositories to suspend/ freeze the ISIN in depository system from or around the date of the Red Herring Prospectus till the listing and commencement of trading of our Equity Shares. The shareholders who intend to transfer the pre-Offer shares may request our Company and/ or the Registrar for facilitating transfer of shares under suspended/ frozen ISIN by submitting requisite documents to our Company and/ or the Registrar. Our Company and/ or the Registrar would then send the requisite documents along with applicable stamp duty and corporate action charges to the respective depository to execute the transfer of shares under suspended ISIN through corporate action. The transfer request shall be accepted by the Depositories from our Company till one day prior to Bid/ Offer Opening Date.

## Book Building Procedure

The Offer is being made in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR read with Regulation 31 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, through the Book Building Process in accordance with Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations wherein not more than 50% of the Offer shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, of which one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual Funds, and the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, out of which (a) one third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million; and (b) two-third of such portion shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than ₹1.00 million, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of such sub-categories may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders; and not less than 35% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to RIBs in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price.