products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. A failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials or to deliver our products to our customers in an efficient and reliable manner could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our distributors and suppliers.

Further, our third-party logistics and service providers may not carry adequate insurance coverage and therefore, any losses that may arise during the transportation process may have to be borne by us. We may be unable to recover our losses from a defaulting third-party logistics and service provider in such a situation, especially if we have not obtained appropriate indemnities from the third-party logistics and service provider or if the third-party logistics and service provider becomes insolvent. We cannot assure you that we will receive compensation for any such additional costs borne by us in a timely manner, or at all.

While there has been no instance of any material supply disruption in the last three Fiscals on account of the services provided by our third-party logistics and service providers, any such interruption could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

35. Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which has been prepared exclusively for the Offer and commissioned by our Company and paid for by our Company exclusively in connection with the Offer, and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.

Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report or extracts of the CRISIL Report prepared by CRISIL Intelligence, a division of CRISIL Limited (“CRISIL”), which is not related to our Company, Directors, Promoters, KMPs, SMPs or the Book Running Lead Manager. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at https://picl.in/investor, in compliance with applicable laws. All such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus indicates the CRISIL Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the CRISIL Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing.

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Industry sources do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Further, the CRISIL Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the CRISIL Report. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information.

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “Industry Overview” on page 152

36. The objects of the Offer for which funds have been raised and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution. The deployment of funds is entirely at the discretion of our management and as per the details mentioned in the section titled “Objects of the Offer”. Any revision in the estimates may require us to reschedule our expenditure and may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings. Further, if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “Objects of the Offer” on page 107. The funding requirements mentioned for the objects of the Offer are purely based on internal management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. They are based on current conditions and are subject to change in external circumstances such as financial and market conditions, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design or configuration of the equipment due to variation in prices which may not be within the control of our management. Our actual expenditure may exceed our internal estimates which