The Finance Act, 2020 (“Finance Act”), has, amongst other things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime. For instance, dividend distribution tax (“DDT”) will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. Similarly, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2024, which has introduced various amendments to the Income Tax Act. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares.

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017, and all subsequent changes and amendments thereto.

The Government of India has also enacted the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (“Data Protection Act”) on personal data protection for implementing organizational and technical measures in processing personal data and lays down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data including ensuring the accountability of entities processing personal data. The Data Protection Act requires companies that collect and deal with high volumes of personal data to fulfil certain additional obligations such as appointment of a data protection officer for grievance redressal and a data auditor to evaluate compliance with the Data Protection Act. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects.

The Government of India has recently announced the Union Budget for Fiscal 2025 (“Budget”). Pursuant to the Budget, the Finance Act, 2024, inter alia, has amended the capital gains tax rates and amounts, with effect from the date of announcement of the Budget. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent laws and regulations on our business. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Bill, 2024 would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, the likely nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business.

**62. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business and activities.**

The Competition Act prohibits any anti-competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of consumers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition.

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India (“CCI”). Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. With effect from April 11, 2023, the GoI has enacted the Competition (Amendment) Act, 2023 (“Competition Amendment Act”). Pursuant to the Competition Amendment Act, several amendments have been made to the Competition Act, including introduction of deal value thresholds for assessing whether a merger or acquisition qualifies as a “combination”, expedited merger review timelines, codification of the lowest standard of “control” and enhanced penalties for providing false information or a failure to provide material