requirements. Over the years, we have consistently added new SKUs to our range, with 73 new SKUs introduced in Fiscal 2025, 45 new SKUs in Fiscal 2024 and 34 new SKUs in Fiscal 2023, reflecting our capability to develop application-specific products and respond quickly to customer needs.

Our ability to design and manufacture customised powders and develop application-specific wires positions us to cater to diverse industrial segments. This adaptability not only strengthens our relationships with existing customers but also enhances our ability to address opportunities in new geographies and applications. For a detailed description of our product portfolio, see “– *Our Products*” on page 203. Set forth below is the product-wise breakup of our revenues for the Fiscals ended March 31, 2025, Fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:

(₹ in million, except percentages)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Product Category</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>Percentage of revenues</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>Percentage of revenues</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>Percentage of revenues</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Powders</strong></td><td><strong>3,936.06</strong></td><td><strong>82.62</strong></td><td><strong>2,598.79</strong></td><td><strong>76.55</strong></td><td><strong>2,933.69</strong></td><td><strong>79.15</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Ferro alloy powders</td><td>571.64</td><td>12.00</td><td>61.82</td><td>1.82</td><td>87.02</td><td>2.35</td></tr><tr><td>Metal powders</td><td>1,826.50</td><td>38.34</td><td>1,708.09</td><td>50.31</td><td>1,799.30</td><td>48.55</td></tr><tr><td>Chemical powders</td><td>1,201.98</td><td>25.23</td><td>786.35</td><td>23.16</td><td>969.76</td><td>26.16</td></tr><tr><td>Mineral powders</td><td>335.95</td><td>7.05</td><td>42.52</td><td>1.25</td><td>77.60</td><td>2.09</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Wires</strong></td><td><strong>827.82</strong></td><td><strong>17.38</strong></td><td><strong>796.09</strong></td><td><strong>23.45</strong></td><td><strong>772.76</strong></td><td><strong>20.85</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Nickle based alloy wires</td><td>196.16</td><td>4.12</td><td>236.86</td><td>6.98</td><td>208.21</td><td>5.62</td></tr><tr><td>Low & non alloy steel wires</td><td>389.79</td><td>8.18</td><td>341.00</td><td>10.04</td><td>358.50</td><td>9.67</td></tr><tr><td>Stainless steel wires</td><td>241.88</td><td>5.08</td><td>218.23</td><td>6.43</td><td>206.05</td><td>5.56</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>4,763.88</strong></td><td><strong>100.00</strong></td><td><strong>3,394.88</strong></td><td><strong>100.00</strong></td><td><strong>3,706.45</strong></td><td><strong>100.00</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

As per the CRISIL Report, the welding consumables market in India is estimated at ~490-545 KTPA in fiscal 2025, which is further projected to grow at a CAGR of 8.5-9.5% over fiscals 2025-2030 to ~780-815 KTPA. The rising demand for improved infrastructure has led to significant investments in the development of roads, bridges, ports, and airports. This investment is a major driver of growth in the welding consumables sector, as welding plays a crucial role in providing strong and reliable connections for structural components in construction. Additionally, the expansion of industries, such as heavy engineering, energy, oil and gas, shipbuilding, railways, power, transportation, and automotive, also fuels growth in the welding consumables market, particularly due to the construction and maintenance of plants in these sectors. (Source: CRISIL Report)

Our powders and wires are integral inputs in the welding consumables value chain, primarily used by manufacturers of electrodes, flux cored wires and other consumables. These products ultimately find application in critical end-use industries such as construction, automotive, shipbuilding, aerospace, railways, energy and heavy engineering, where performance, safety and reliability are critical.

## Strategic network of manufacturing facilities with advanced capabilities

The aggregate installed capacity of our manufacturing facilities as of March 31, 2025 was 23,703 MTPA for powder products and 4,194 MTPA for wire products. As of March 31, 2025, we operate five manufacturing facilities with four of them located in Maharashtra (at Mankholi, Taloja, Wada, Rabale) and one in Tamil Nadu (at Chennai). We manufacture powder products at our Mankholi, Taloja, Chennai, and Wada units, and wire products at our Rabale unit. Our Chennai, Taloja, and Rabale units are located on land leased from state industrial corporations, while the Mankholi and Wada units are situated on freehold land owned by us. Our manufacturing setup comprises melting furnace, rolling mill, baking ovens, drawing units, cutting units, sieving machines, grinding machines, powder mixers, packing machines and testing laboratories, supported by modern equipment such as spectrometers, chemical analysis instruments and material testing facilities. Our facilities in Maharashtra are situated in and around Mumbai, which is among the hubs for end-use industries. Proximity to these clusters, together with connectivity to ports, airports and highways, provides us with logistical advantages and enables timely and cost-effective delivery of products to our customers. For details in relation to capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities, see “- *Capacity utilization*” on page 205.

In Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, our additions to our cost of plant and equipment were ₹27.44 million, ₹17.27 million and ₹13.73 million respectively constituting 38.95%, 49.02% and 35.29% respectively of our total capital expenditure for the respective Fiscal. For details of our installed capacity, see, “- *Capacity Utilization*” on page 205. With integrated and sizable production facility, we are able to produce our products at competitive prices. This has strengthened our position as one of the manufacturers of welding consumables in India and we will