<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Particulars</td><td>Price Per Unit (In ₹)</td><td>Quantity</td><td>Total Amount (₹ in million) (2)</td><td>Amount to be funded from Net Proceeds (₹ in million)</td><td>Vendor Name, Quotation Date, Reference No, Validity</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>30.</td><td>Motor system comprising 20hp ND180L 3-phase, foot-mounted motors, 100 rpm. Includes installation and alignment (1)</td><td>53,733</td><td>4</td><td>0.22</td><td>0.22</td><td>Vendor: Jay Electricals, Date: June 24, 2025, Reference: 60/2025-26, Validity: June 24, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>31.</td><td>Motor system comprising 15hp ND160L 3-phase, foot-mounted motors, 100 rpm. Includes installation and alignment (1)</td><td>41,136</td><td>3</td><td>0.13</td><td>0.13</td><td>Vendor: Jay Electricals, Date: June 24, 2025, Reference: 60/2025-26, Validity: June 24, 2026</td></tr><tr><td>32.</td><td>Fire safety system including fire hydrant courtyard, wet-riser, sprinkler, and conventional fire alarm systems with ISI-marked equipment, pumps, valves, piping, and accessories. Includes supply, installation, testing, and commissioning with all necessary civil works, scaffolding, and final fire NOC liaison</td><td>48,67,578</td><td>1</td><td>4.87</td><td>4.87</td><td>Vendor: Sumanvidya Fire Safety Solutions, Date: September 22, 2025, Reference: P.01:1006.06/25-26, Validity: November 21, 2025</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) All amounts are inclusive of packing, freight & forwarding, transportation and installation.

(2) All amounts are exclusive of GST and other applicable taxes.

None of the orders for purchase of the plant and machinery, as provided above, have been placed as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, in accordance with the Proposed Expansion Certificate issued by M/s. Sandeep Mashru & Co., Independent Chartered Engineer, orders worth upto ₹ 221.84 million which constitute 100% of the total estimated costs in relation to the purchase of plant and machineries, are yet to be placed. Further, for risk arising out of the Objects, see “Risk Factor no. 14 – We have not placed orders in relation to purchase of machineries. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the machineries in a timely manner, or at all, the same may result in time and cost over-runs.” on page 42.

## Building, civil works, Furniture & Fixtures

The total estimated cost for the proposed building and civil works for the Proposed Expansion is ₹329.19 million, as certified by M/s. Sandeep Mashru & Co., Independent Chartered Engineer, pursuant to a certificate dated September 29, 2025, which is proposed to be funded entirely out of the Net Proceeds. The break-up of the estimated cost is as follows:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Particulars</td><td>Price Per Unit (In ₹)</td><td>Quantity</td><td>Total Amount (₹ in million)</td><td>Amount to be funded from Net Proceeds (₹ in million)</td><td>Vendor Name, Quotation Date, Reference No, Validity</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Interior fit-out project comprising civil works, carpentry, modular furniture, electrical and network works, fire safety systems including access control, FAS, PA, CCTV, and automatic sprinkler systems. Includes HVAC installation and all associated design and</td><td>1,05,00,000</td><td>1</td><td>10.50</td><td>10.50</td><td>Dessienpundits Interiors Pvt. Ltd., September 22, 2025, 22/Sept/2025, September 22, 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>

127