<table><tr><td></td><td>(b) the instrument of transfer is accompanied by the certificate of the shares to which it relates, and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer; and<br/>(c) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares.<br/>The registration of a transfer shall not be refused on the ground of the transferor being either alone or jointly with any other person or persons indebted to the Company on any account whatsoever.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>31.</td><td>On giving of previous notice of at least seven days or such lesser period in accordance with the Act and Rules made thereunder, the registration of transfers may be suspended at such times and for such periods as the Board may from time to time determine:<br/>Provided that such registration shall not be suspended for more than thirty days at any one time or for more than forty five days in the aggregate in any year.</td><td>Transfer of shares when suspended</td></tr><tr><td>31. (A)</td><td>Subject to the provisions of sections 58 and 59 of the Act, these Articles and other applicable provisions of the Act or any other Applicable Laws for the time being in force, the Board may refuse whether in pursuance of any power of the Company under these Articles or any other Applicable Laws to register the transfer of, or the transmission by operation of Applicable Laws of the right to, any shares or interest of a member in or debentures of the Company. The Company shall within one (1) month from the date on which the instrument of transfer, or the intimation of such transmission, as the case may be, was delivered to Company, or such other period as may be prescribed, send notice of the refusal to the transferee and the transferor or to the person giving intimation of such transmission, as the case may be, giving reasons for such refusal. Provided that, subject to provisions of Article 32, the registration of a transfer shall not be refused on the ground of the transferor being either alone or jointly with any other person or persons indebted to the Company on any account whatsoever. Transfer of shares/debentures in whatever lot shall not be refused.</td><td>Notice of refusal to register transfer</td></tr><tr><td>32.</td><td>The provisions of these Articles relating to transfer of shares shall mutatis mutandis apply to any other securities including debentures of the Company.</td><td>Provisions as to transfer of shares to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>33.</td><td>An application for the registration of a transfer of Shares in the Company may be made either by the transferor or the transferee. Where such application is made by a transferor and relates to partly paid Shares, the Company shall give notice of the application to the transferee. The transferee may, within two weeks from the date of the receipt of the notice and not later, object to the proposed transfer. The notice to the transferee shall be deemed to have been duly given, if dispatched by prepaid registered post to the transferee at the address given in the instrument of transfer and shall be deemed to have been delivered at the time when it would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post.</td><td>Application for registration of transfer of shares</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Transmission of shares</b></td></tr><tr><td>34. (1)</td><td>On the death of a member, the survivor or survivors where the member was a joint holder, and his nominee or nominees or legal representatives where he was a sole holder, shall be the only persons recognized by the Company as having any title to his interest in the shares.</td><td>Title to shares on death of a member</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>Nothing in clause (1) shall release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability in respect of any share which had been jointly held by him with other persons.</td><td>Estate of deceased member liable</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or insolvency of a member may, upon such evidence being produced as may from</td><td>Transmission Clause</td></tr></table>