The Registrar to the Offer shall submit the details of cancelled/ withdrawn/ deleted applications to the SCSBs on a daily basis within 60 minutes of the Bid closure time from the Bid/ Offer Opening Date until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date by obtaining the same from the Stock Exchanges. The SCSBs shall unblock such applications by the closing hours of the Working Day and submit the confirmation to the BRLM and the RTA on a daily basis.

To avoid duplication, the facility of re-initiation provided to Syndicate Members shall preferably be allowed only once per bid/batch and as deemed fit by the Stock Exchanges, after closure of the time for uploading Bids.

**It is clarified that Bids shall be processed only after the application monies are blocked in the ASBA Account and Bids not uploaded on the electronic bidding system or in respect of which the full Bid Amount is not blocked by SCSBs or not blocked under the UPI Mechanism in the relevant ASBA Account, as the case may be, would be rejected.**

Due to limitation of time available for uploading the Bids on the Bid/Offer Closing Date, Bidders are advised to submit their Bids one day prior to the Bid/Offer Closing Date and in any case no later than the prescribed time on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bids are received on the Bid/Offer Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public offerings, some Bids may not get uploaded due to lack of sufficient time. Bids and any revision in Bids will be accepted only during Working Days.

Investors may please note that as per letter no. List/SMD/SM/2006 dated July 3, 2006 and letter no. NSE/IPO/25101- 6 dated July 6, 2006 issued by BSE and NSE respectively, Bids and any revision in Bids shall not be accepted on Saturdays and public holidays as declared by the Stock Exchanges. Bids by ASBA Bidders shall be uploaded by the relevant Designated Intermediary in the electronic system to be provided by the Stock Exchanges. Neither our Company, nor the Selling Shareholders, nor any member of the Syndicate is liable for any failure in uploading or downloading the Bids due to faults in any software / hardware system or otherwise; or blocking of application amount by SCSBs on receipt of instructions from the Sponsor Banks due to any errors, omissions, or otherwise non-compliance by various parties involved in, or any other fault, malfunctioning or breakdown in the UPI Mechanism.

In case of any discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book *vis-a-vis* data contained in the physical Bid cum Application Form, for a particular Bidder, the details of the Bid file received from the Stock Exchanges may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment.

Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, reserve the right to revise the Price Band during the Bid/Offer Period in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, provided that the revised Cap Price shall be less than or equal to 120% of the revised Floor Price, the Floor Price shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares, and that the revision in the Price Band shall not exceed 20% on either side, *i.e.*, the Floor Price can move up or down to the extent of 20% of the Floor Price and the Cap Price will be revised accordingly. Provided that, the Cap Price of the Price Band shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price.

**In case of any revision to the Price Band, the Bid/Offer Period will be extended by at least three additional Working Days following such revision of the Price Band, subject to the Bid/Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar unforeseen circumstances, our Company may, in consultation with the BRLM, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/Offer Period for a minimum of one Working Day, subject to the Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band and the revised Bid/Offer Period, if applicable, will be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the respective websites of the BRLM and the terminals of the Syndicate Members and by intimation to SCSBs, other Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank(s), as applicable.**

**The Designated Intermediaries shall modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Offer Period till 5.00 pm on the Bid/ Offer Closing Date after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information to the Registrar to the Offer for further processing.**

**Minimum subscription**

If, as prescribed, our Company does not receive (i) the minimum subscription of 90% of the Fresh Issue; and (ii) minimum subscription in the Offer as specified under Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, including devolvement of Underwriters, if any, within 60 days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, or if the subscription level falls below the thresholds mentioned above after the Bid/Offer Closing Date, on account of withdrawal of applications or after