21. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover all losses incurred in our business. Our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover to protect us from material adverse incidents in connection with our business may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our operations are subject to certain hazards such as accidents at work, fire, earthquakes, theft, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions, including hazards that may cause destruction of property, plant and machinery and inventory. For details of insurance policies maintained by us, see “*Our Business – Insurance*” on page 215. These insurance policies are generally valid for a year and are renewed annually. We cannot assure you that the renewal of our insurance policies in the future will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. In our experience, the amount of insurance currently maintained by us represents an appropriate level of coverage required to insure our business and operations. The following table sets forth details of our insurance coverage for Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Fiscal 2025</th><th>Fiscal 2024</th><th>Fiscal 2023</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Amount of insurance coverage (₹ in million)</td><td>1,820.85</td><td>1,290.00</td><td>1,156.10</td></tr><tr><td>% contribution of insurance coverage to total assets</td><td>89.73%</td><td>86.90%</td><td>102.66%</td></tr></tbody></table>

Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all our risks and liabilities. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Our Company made an insurance claim of ₹ 3.03 million in respect of a fire accident at Taloja Unit in the year 2022 against which an amount of ₹ 2.55 million was settled by the insurance company. We cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in future. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. If insurance coverage and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover risks or losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

22. We are exposed to a significant risk from exchange rate fluctuations. If we fail to manage our foreign currency risk, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.

As a global welding consumables provider, we supply our products outside India. Further, our import of products from overseas contract manufacturers is typically denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. The following table sets forth the revenue from operations outside India as percentage of total purchase for Fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Exports</td><td>1,928.81</td><td>40.49</td><td>1,034.94</td><td>30.49</td><td>1,179.92</td><td>31.83</td></tr></tbody></table>

The following table sets forth our purchase outside India as percentage of total revenue from operations for the periods indicated:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Import of raw material</td><td>1,892.79</td><td>39.73</td><td>1,002.09</td><td>29.52</td><td>1,003.39</td><td>27.07</td></tr></tbody></table>