<table><tr><td></td><td>of premium, as if the same had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>51.</td><td>The provisions of these Articles relating to forfeiture of shares shall mutatis mutandis apply to any other securities including debentures of the Company.</td><td>Provisions as to forfeiture of shares to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Alteration of capital</td></tr><tr><td>52.</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may, by ordinary resolution -<br/>(a) increase the share capital by such sum, to be divided into shares of such amount as it thinks expedient;<br/>(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger amount than its existing shares:<br/>Provided that any consolidation and division which results in changes in the voting percentage of members shall require applicable approvals under the Act;<br/>(c) convert all or any of its fully paid-up shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into fully paid-up shares of any denomination;<br/>(d) sub-divide its existing shares or any of them into shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum;<br/>(e) cancel any shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person.</td><td>Power to alter share capital</td></tr><tr><td>53.</td><td>Where shares are converted into stock:<br/>(a) the holders of stock may transfer the same or any part thereof in the same manner as, and subject to the same Articles under which, the shares from which the stock arose might before the conversion have been transferred, or as near thereto as circumstances admit:<br/>Provided that the Board may, from time to time, fix the minimum amount of stock transferable, so, however, that such minimum shall not exceed the nominal amount of the shares from which the stock arose;<br/>(b) the holders of stock shall, according to the amount of stock held by them, have the same rights, privileges and advantages as regards dividends, voting at meetings of the Company, and other matters, as if they held the shares from which the stock arose; but no such privilege or advantage (except participation in the dividends, voting and profits of the Company and in the assets on winding up) shall be conferred by an amount of stock which would not, if existing in shares, have conferred that privilege or advantage;<br/>(c) such of these Articles of the Company as are applicable to paid-up shares shall apply to stock and the words "share" and "shareholder"/ "member" shall include "stock" and "stock-holder" respectively.<br/>The Company, by resolution in general meeting, may convert any paid-up Shares into stock, or may, at any time, reconvert any stock into paid up Shares of any denomination.<br/>The notice of such conversion of Shares into stock or reconversion of stock into Shares shall be filed with the Registrar of Companies as provided in the Act.</td><td>Right of stockholders</td></tr><tr><td>53. (A)</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, the Directors may also issue, allot or otherwise dispose of warrants or such other securities, convertible into equity or otherwise, to such persons, in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at a premium or at par or at discount and</td><td>Issue of share warrants and rights of holder</td></tr></table>

412