<table><tr><td>73.</td><td>Any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded may be proceeded with, pending the taking of the poll.<br/>At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands, unless a poll is demanded, before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands, by any member or members present in person or by proxy and holding Shares in the Company, which confer a power to vote on the resolution not being less than one-tenth or such other proportion as may statutorily be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, of the total voting power, in respect of the resolution or on which an aggregate sum of not less than Rs. 500,000/- or such other sum as may statutorily be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, has been paid up, and unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution has, on a show of hands, been carried unanimously or by a particular majority, or has been lost and an entry to that effect in the minutes book of the Company shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against that resolution.<br/>If a poll is demanded as aforesaid, the same shall subject to the clause herein with respect to the election of chairman and question of adjournment of meeting hereunder, be taken at such place as may be decided by the Board, at such time not later than 48 (Forty-eight) hours from the time when the demand was made and place in the city or town in which the office of the Company is, for the time being, situated, and, either by open voting or by ballot, as the Chairman shall direct, and either at once or after an interval or adjournment, or otherwise, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded. The demand for a poll may be withdrawn at any time by the persons, who made the demand.<br/>Where a poll is to be taken, the Chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or, at his discretion, two scrutinisers, who may or may not be members of the Company to scrutinise the votes given on the poll and to report thereon to him, subject to that one of the scrutinisers so appointed shall always be a member, not being an officer or employee of the Company, present at the meeting, provided that such a member is available and willing to be appointed. The Chairman shall have power, at any time, before the result of the poll is declared, to remove a scrutiniser from office and fill the vacancy so caused in the office of a scrutiniser arising from such removal or from any other cause.<br/>Any poll duly demanded on the election of a Chairman of a meeting or on any question of adjournment of the meeting shall be taken forthwith at the same meeting.<br/>The demand for a poll, except on questions of the election of the Chairman and of an adjournment thereof, shall not prevent the continuance of a meeting for the transaction of any business other than the question on which the poll has been demanded.<br/>On a poll taken at a meeting of the Company, a member entitled to more than one vote, or his proxy or other person entitled to vote for him, as the case may be, need not, if he votes, use all his votes or cast in the same way all the votes, he uses<br/>No objections shall be made to the validity of any vote, except at any meeting or poll at which such vote shall be tendered, and every vote, whether given personally or by proxy, or not disallowed at such meeting or on a poll, shall be deemed as valid for all purposes of such meeting or a poll whatsoever.</td><td>Voting by poll</td></tr><tr><td>74.</td><td>No member shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless all calls or other sums presently payable by him in respect of shares in the Company have been paid or in regard to which the Company has exercised any right of Lien.</td><td>Restriction on voting rights</td></tr></table>