<table><tr><td></td><td>and in such manner as the Board may, from time to time, determine and in default of such determination shall be divided among the Directors equally or if so determined paid on a monthly basis.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>Subject to the provisions of these Articles, and the provisions of the Act, if any Director, being willing, shall be called upon to perform extra service or to make any special exertions in going or residing away from the place of his normal residence for any of the purposes of the Company or has given any special attendance for any business of the Company, the Company may remunerate the Director so doing either by a fixed sum or otherwise as may be determined by the Director</td><td>Payment for Extra Service</td></tr><tr><td>86.</td><td>All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, hundis, bills of exchange and other negotiable instruments, and all receipts for monies paid to the Company, shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed, or otherwise executed, as the case may be, by such person and in such manner as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine.</td><td>Execution of negotiable instruments</td></tr><tr><td>87. (1)</td><td>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power at any time, and from time to time, to appoint a person as an additional director, provided the number of the directors and additional directors together shall not at any time exceed the maximum strength fixed for the Board by the Articles.</td><td>Appointment of additional directors</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>Such person shall hold office only up to the date of the next annual general meeting of the Company but shall be eligible for appointment by the Company as a director at that meeting subject to the provisions of the Act.</td><td>Duration of office of additional director</td></tr><tr><td>88. (1)</td><td>The Board may appoint an alternate director to act for a director (hereinafter in this Article called "the Original Director") during his absence for a period of not less than three months from India. No person shall be appointed as an alternate director for an independent director unless he is qualified to be appointed as an independent director under the provisions of the Act.</td><td>Appointment of alternate director</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>An alternate director shall not hold office for a period longer than that permissible to the Original Director in whose place he has been appointed and shall vacate the office if and when the Original Director returns to India</td><td>Duration of office of alternate director</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>If the term of office of the Original Director is determined before he returns to India the automatic reappointment of retiring directors in default of another appointment shall apply to the Original Director and not to the alternate director.</td><td>Re-appointment provisions applicable to Original Director</td></tr><tr><td>89. (1)</td><td>If the office of any director appointed by the Company in general meeting is vacated before his term of office expires in the normal course, the resulting casual vacancy may, be filled by the Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board.</td><td>Appointment of director to fill a casual vacancy</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The director so appointed shall hold office only up to the date upto which the director in whose place he is appointed would have held office if it had not been vacated.</td><td>Duration of office of Director appointed to fill casual vacancy</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>The office of director shall be vacated, pursuant to the provisions of section 164 and section 167 of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, the Director may resign his office by giving notice to the Company pursuant to section 168 of the Companies Act, 2013<br/>Subject to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the Company may, by special resolution, from time to time, increase or reduce the number of directors, and may alter their qualifications and the Company may, subject to the provisions of Section 169 of the Act, remove any director before the expiration of his period of Office and appoint another qualified person in his stead. The person so appointed shall hold Office during such time as the director, in whose place he is appointed, would have held, had he not been removed.</td><td>Manner of vacation of office of director</td></tr></table>