<table><tr><td></td><td>(Regulation) Act, 1956 or any other act, or rules applicable thereof in this behalf.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>6. (A)</td><td>Except as required by Applicable Laws, no person shall be recognized by the Company as holding any share upon any trust, and the Company shall not be bound by, or be compelled in any way to recognize (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share, or any interest in any fractional part of a share, or (except only as by these Articles or by Applicable Laws) any other rights in respect of any share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder.</td><td>Company not compelled to recognize any equitable, contingent interest</td></tr><tr><td>6. (B)</td><td>Subject to the applicable provisions of the Act and other Applicable Laws, any debentures, debenture-stock or other securities may be issued at a premium or otherwise and may be issued on condition that they shall be convertible into shares of any denomination, and with any privileges and conditions as to redemption, surrender, drawing, allotment of shares and attending (but not voting) at a general meeting, appointment of nominee directors, etc. Debentures with the right to conversion into or allotment of shares shall be issued only with the consent of the Company in a general meeting by special resolution.</td><td>Terms of issue of debentures</td></tr><tr><td>7.</td><td>The provisions of the foregoing Articles relating to issue of certificates shall mutatis mutandis apply to issue of certificates for any other securities including debentures (except where the Act otherwise requires) of the Company.</td><td>Provisions as to issue of certificates to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>8. (1)</td><td>The Company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by the Act, to any person in connection with the subscription to its securities, provided that the rate per cent or the amount of the commission paid or agreed to be paid shall be disclosed in the manner required by the Act and the Rules.</td><td>Power to pay commission in connection with securities issued</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The rate or amount of the commission shall not exceed the rate or amount prescribed in the Rules.</td><td>Rate of commission in accordance with Rules</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>The commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in the one way and partly in the other.</td><td>Mode of payment of commission</td></tr><tr><td>9. (1)</td><td>If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may, subject to the provisions of the Act, and whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied with the consent in writing, of such number of the holders of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class, as prescribed by the Act.</td><td>Variation of members' rights</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>To every such separate meeting, the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings shall mutatis mutandis apply.</td><td>Provisions as to general meetings to apply mutatis mutandis to each Meeting</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu therewith.</td><td>Issue of further shares not to affect rights of existing members</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Subject to section 55 and other provisions of the Act, the Board shall have the power to issue or re-issue preference shares of one or more classes which are liable to be redeemed, or converted to equity shares, on such terms and conditions and in such manner as determined by the Board in accordance with the Act.</td><td>Power to issue redeemable preference shares</td></tr></table>