<table><thead><tr><th>Term</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>SEBI FVCI Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital Investors) Regulations, 2000</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI ICDR Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Listing Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI ICDR Master Circular</td><td>SEBI Master Circular bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/0154 dated November 11, 2024.</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI RTA Master Circular</td><td>SEBI master circular bearing SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated June 23, 2025</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI SBEB Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employees Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI Takeover Regulations</td><td>Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011</td></tr><tr><td>SEBI VCF Regulations</td><td>The erstwhile Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Fund) Regulations, 1996, as repealed pursuant to the SEBI AIF Regulations</td></tr><tr><td>Stock Exchanges</td><td>The BSE and the NSE</td></tr><tr><td>TAN</td><td>Tax deduction and collection account number</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. GAAP</td><td>Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>U.S. Securities Act</td><td>The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended</td></tr><tr><td>"US$" or "USD" or "US Dollar"</td><td>United States Dollar, the official currency of the United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>"USA" or "U.S." or "US"</td><td>United States of America</td></tr><tr><td>VCFs</td><td>Venture capital funds as defined in and registered with SEBI under the SEBI VCF Regulations or the SEBI AIF Regulations, as the case may be</td></tr><tr><td>"Year" or "Calendar Year"</td><td>Unless the context otherwise requires, shall mean the twelve-month period ending December 31</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Financial and operational Key Performance Indicators

<table><thead><tr><th>Term</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Financial Key Performance Indicators</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>GAAP Financial Measures</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operations (₹ in Million)</td><td>Revenue from Operations is used by our management to track the revenue profile of the business and in turn helps assess the overall financial performance of our Company and size of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>Total Income (₹ in Million)</td><td>Total Income covers revenue from operations and other income and represents the business performance of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Profit After Tax (₹ in Million)</td><td>Profit after tax provides information regarding the overall profitability of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Earnings Per Share (EPS)</td><td>Earnings per Share provide information of per share earning earned by the shareholder.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Equity (%)</td><td>RoE provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from shareholders' funds.</td></tr><tr><td>Debt To Equity Ratio</td><td>Debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio is used to evaluate a company's financial leverage.</td></tr><tr><td>Interest Coverage Ratio</td><td>Interest coverage ratio measures how many times the EBIT can cover the interest cost.</td></tr><tr><td>Current Ratio</td><td>It tells management how business can maximize the current assets on its balance sheet to satisfy its current debt and other payables.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Capital Turnover Ratio</td><td>It represents the times of revenue reported for the change in working capital of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Total Assets (%)</td><td>Return on Total Assets provides measures on how efficiently our company uses its assets to generate profits</td></tr><tr><td>Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio (%)</td><td>It represents the times of revenue reported for the fixed assets employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Non-GAAP Financial Measures</strong></td></tr><tr><td>NAV/ Book Value</td><td>This metric helps to calculate the Book value of the company from its equity reserves and surplus.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA (₹ in Million)</td><td>EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin (%)</td><td>EBITDA Margin is an indicator of the operational profitability and financial performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>PAT Margin</td><td>PAT Margin is an indicator of the overall profitability and financial performance of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Capital Employed (%)</td><td>ROCE provides how efficiently our Company generates earnings from the capital employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Net Worth (%)</td><td>RoNW provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from shareholders' net worth.</td></tr></tbody></table>

13