(2) Each of the Selling Shareholders, severally and not jointly, have confirmed their participation of their respective portion in the Offer for Sale vide the consent letters dated September 8, 2025. The Selling Shareholders have confirmed that the Offered Shares have been held by them, severally and not jointly, for a period of at least one year prior to filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in accordance with Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and accordingly, are eligible for the Offer in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details on the authorization of the Selling Shareholders in relation to the Offered Shares, see "The Offer" and "Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures" on pages 75 and 352, respectively.

(3) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), aggregating up to ₹ 300.00 million, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(4) Subject to valid bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, and the Designated Stock Exchange, subject to applicable laws.

The Offer and Net Offer shall constitute [•]% and [•]% of the post Offer paid up Equity Share capital of our Company, respectively. The above table summarises the details of the Offer. For further details, see "The Offer" and "Offer Structure" beginning on pages 75 and 371, respectively.

## Objects of the Offer

Our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds from the Fresh Issue towards funding the following objects:

<table><thead><tr><td>Sr. No.</td><td>Particulars</td><td>Estimated Amount (₹ in million)<sup>(3)</sup></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Funding of capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards Proposed Facility at Khalapur, Raigad, Maharashtra</td><td>512.26</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Funding of capital expenditure requirements of our Company towards Proposed Expansion at Wada Unit (Maharashtra)</td><td>589.61</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Funding the working capital requirements of our Company</td><td>670.00</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>General corporate purposes <sup>(1)(2)</sup></td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Net Proceeds<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) To be finalized upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC.

(2) The amount to be utilized towards general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.

(3) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement of Equity Shares, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), aggregating up to ₹ 300.00 million, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

For further details, see "Objects of the Offer" on page 107.

## Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and Selling Shareholders as a percentage of our paid-up Equity Share capital

The aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group and Selling Shareholders, as a percentage of the pre-Offer paid-up and post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company is set out below:

<table><thead><tr><th>Name of the Shareholder</th><th>Number of Equity Shares held as on the date of this DRHP</th><th>Percentage of the pre-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital (%)</th><th>Percentage of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital (%)<sup>#</sup></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Promoters</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria*</td><td>25,073,014</td><td>31.36</td><td>[•]</td></tr><tr><td>Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria*</td><td>21,213,368</td><td>26.53</td><td>[•]</td></tr></tbody></table>