3. RoNW is computed as net profit after tax attributable to owners of the company divided by total closing equity attributable to the owners of the company.

4. NAV is computed as the closing net worth divided by the weighted outstanding number of equity shares.

Bidders should read the above-mentioned information along with “Risk Factors”, “Our Business”, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations and “Financial Information” on pages 33, 192, 308 and 261, respectively, to have a more informed view. The trading price of the Equity Shares could decline due to the factors mentioned in the “Risk Factors” and you may lose all or part of your investments.

## 6. Key financial performance indicators (“KPIs”)

The KPIs disclosed below have been used historically by our Company to understand and analyse the business performance, which in result, help us in analysing the growth of various verticals.

Our Company confirms that it shall continue to disclose all the KPIs included in this section on a periodic basis, at least once in a year (or any lesser period as determined by the Board of our Company), for a duration of one year after the date of listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange or till the complete utilisation of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue as per the disclosure made in the Objects of the Offer Section, whichever is later or for such other duration as may be required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

<table><thead><tr><td>Operational KPI</td><td>Explanations</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Number of Stock keeping units (SKU's)</td><td>A Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) is a unique identifier assigned to each distinct product or item in a company's inventory. It helps track and manage inventory levels, orders, and sales.</td></tr><tr><td>Total quantity of Powder and Wire sold</td><td>Total quantity of Powder and Wire sold covers the volume of goods sold by us in the fiscal year.</td></tr><tr><td>Total quantity of Export sales</td><td>Total quantity of Powder and Wire sold covers the volume of goods sold by us in the foreign markets in the fiscal year.</td></tr><tr><td>Total number of customers</td><td>Total number of customers are the distinct consumers to whom the sale of our products is made.</td></tr><tr><td>Purchase price per metric tonnes</td><td>Purchase price per metric tonnes is used by our management to derive the cost required to purchase one metric ton of raw material.</td></tr><tr><td>Total capacity utilization for powder and wire</td><td>Total capacity utilization for powder and wire covers the manufacturing capability of our company to produce goods.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr><td>Financial KPI</td><td>Explanations</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>GAAP Financial Measures</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Revenue from Operations (₹ in Million)</td><td>Revenue from Operations is used by our management to track the revenue profile of the business and in turn helps assess the overall financial performance of our Company and size of our business.</td></tr><tr><td>Total Income (₹ in Million)</td><td>Total Income covers revenue from operations and other income and represents the business performance of our Company.</td></tr><tr><td>Profit After Tax (₹ in Million)</td><td>Profit after tax provides information regarding the overall profitability of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Earnings Per Share (EPS)</td><td>Earnings per Share provide information of per share earning earned by the shareholder.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Equity (%)</td><td>RoE provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from shareholders' funds.</td></tr><tr><td>Debt To Equity Ratio</td><td>Debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio is used to evaluate a company's financial leverage.</td></tr><tr><td>Interest Coverage Ratio</td><td>Interest coverage ratio measures how many times the EBIT can cover the interest cost.</td></tr><tr><td>Current Ratio</td><td>It tells management how business can maximize the current assets on its balance sheet to satisfy its current debt and other payables.</td></tr><tr><td>Working Capital Turnover Ratio</td><td>It represents the times of revenue reported for the change in working capital of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>Return on Total Assets (%)</td><td>Return on Total Assets provides measures on how efficiently our company uses its assets to generate profits</td></tr><tr><td>Fixed Asset Turnover Ratio (%)</td><td>It represents the times of revenue reported for the fixed assets employed in the business.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><strong>Non-GAAP Financial Measures</strong></td></tr><tr><td>NAV/ Book Value</td><td>This metric helps to calculate the Book value of the company from its equity reserves and surplus.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA (₹ in Million)</td><td>EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business.</td></tr><tr><td>EBITDA Margin (%)</td><td>EBITDA Margin is an indicator of the operational profitability and financial performance of our business</td></tr></tbody></table>