adversely affected. We cannot assure you that our IT systems' service providers will continue to co-operate with us and we will be able to maintain similar relationship with them in the future. In case we decide to change our IT systems' service providers, our services to our customers may get affected.

Any significant upgrade to or replacement of our systems could require considerable capital expenditure, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Implementation of technology enhancements also entail risks such as administrative delays and failure to effectively train our personnel to operate new, emerging technologies. In addition, technological advances from time to time may result in our systems, methods or processing facilities becoming obsolete or performing less efficiently compared to newer and better technologies and processes in the future. Certain of our competitors may have access to similar or superior technology or may have better adapted themselves to technological changes. Moreover, we may be unable to anticipate, understand and address the preferences of our existing and prospective customers or to understand evolving industry trends. Our competitors may succeed in developing and offering products that are more effective and cheaper, which may render our products obsolete or uncompetitive. Any of these risks may place us at a competitive disadvantage, limit our growth opportunities and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

33. The educational qualification proofs of certain Directors and Individual Promoters are not traceable. We have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by such individuals for details of their profile included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Our Managing Director and Joint Managing Director, Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria, and Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria, who are also our Promoters, have been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to their educational qualification, namely Shree GVJ Sarkari High School, Jamkhambaliya, Distt Devbhumi, Dwarka School from Salaya Madhyamik Shala. While Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria, and Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria, have written letters to the concerned educational institute requesting for a copy of marksheet, a response from the universities is awaited and there can be no assurance that the universities will respond to such letters in a timely manner or at all. There can be no assurance that they will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their educational qualifications in future or at all. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on certificates furnished by them to us and the BRLM to disclose details of their educational qualification in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLM have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurance that they will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their educational qualification in the future, or at all.

34. We depend on third party logistic providers for transport of our products. Any disruption, accident or delay in transportation, by such logistic providers may hamper our supply chain and impact our financial performance.

We are dependent on third party logistic providers for the delivery of our products. These service providers are typically engaged on a work order or spot basis Any cost incurred on account of delays/failures caused by such third-party logistic providers could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The freight and cartage charges as a percentage of total expenses for Fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows:

(figures in million, except percentage)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount</th><th>%</th><th>Amount</th><th>%</th><th>Amount</th><th>%</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Freight and handling charges</td><td>93.36</td><td>2.26</td><td>54.37</td><td>1.80</td><td>51.21</td><td>1.45</td></tr></tbody></table>

We do not have formal contractual relationship and direct control over the day-to-day activities of our third-party logistics and service providers and we rely on them to perform their services in accordance with the relevant arrangements. Further, the performance of our third-party logistics and service providers may not meet our terms and conditions or performance parameters, which could result in disruption of our supply chain. While such arrangements are typically subject to renewal pursuant to mutual consent, we cannot assure you that such arrangements will continue to be successful or be renewed, on terms that are commercially favorable to us, or at all.

Further, raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and