enforcing such judgments. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognizes as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 ("Civil Code"). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions that do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India.

The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India.

**66. If inflation rises in the countries in which we operate, increased costs may result in a decline in profits.**

Inflation rates could be volatile, and we may continue to face high inflation in the future. Increasing inflation in the countries in which we operate can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation can increase our operating expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Further, high inflation leading to higher interest rates may also lead to a slowdown in the economy and adversely impact credit growth. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

While governments in the countries in which we operate have initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future.

**RISKS RELATED TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES**

**67. Non-resident investors are subject to investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares.**

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, the transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries and/or departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India, require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Furthermore, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds.

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, investments where the beneficial owner of the equity shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares a land border with India, can only be made through the government approval route. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly