* The Gol enacted The Code on Wages, 2019 which received the assent of the President of India on August 8, 2019 Through its notification dated December 18, 2020, the Gol brought into force sections 42(1), 42(2), 42(3), 42(10), 42(11), 67(00)(x). 67(1)(10) (to the extent that they relate to the Central Advisory Board) and 69 (to the extent that it relates to sections 7. 9 (to the extent that they relate to the Gol) and 8 of the Minimum Wages Act, 1986)) of the Code on Wages. 2019. The remaining provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Gol. It proposes to subsume four separate legislations, namely, the Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1963 and the Equal Remuneration Act, 1976.
** The Gol enacted The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020' which received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. The provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Gol. It proposes to subsume several separate legislations, including the Factories Act, 1948, the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, the Inter-State Migrant Workmen (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1979 and the Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1996.
*** The Gol enacted The Industrial Relations Code, 2020' which received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. The provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Gol. It proposes to subsume three separate legislations, namely, the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947, the Trade Unions Act, 1926 and the Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946.
**** The Gol enacted The Code on Social Security, 2020 which received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. The provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Gol. It proposes to subsume several separate legislations including the Employee's Compensation Act, 1923, the Employees State Insurance Act, 1948, the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, the Building and Other Construction Workers' Welfare Cess Act, 1996 and the Unorganised Workers Social Security Act, 2008.

## Intellectual Property Laws

### The Trade Marks Act, 1999 (the "Trademarks Act")

The Trademarks Act governs the statutory protection of trademarks and prohibits any registration of deceptively similar trademarks, among others. The purpose of the Trademarks Act is to grant exclusive rights to marks such as a brand, label and heading, and to obtain relief in case of infringement of such marks. Indian law permits the registration of trademarks for both goods and services. Under the provisions of the Trademarks Act, an application for trademark registration may be made before the Trademark Registry by any person claiming to be the proprietor of a trade mark, whether individual or joint applicants, and can be made on the basis of either actual use or intention to use a trademark in the future. Once granted, a trademark registration is valid for 10 years unless cancelled, subsequent to which, it can be renewed. If not renewed, the mark lapses and the registration are required to be restored. Further, pursuant to the notification of the Trademarks (Amendment) Act, 2010 ("Trademark Amendment Act") simultaneous protection of trademarks in India and other countries has been made available to owners of Indian and foreign trademarks. The Trademark Amendment Act also seeks to simplify the law relating to transfer of ownership of trademarks by assignment or transmission and to conform Indian trademark law to international practice.

## Tax Laws

### Income Tax Act, 1961

Income Tax Act, 1961 is applicable to every domestic or foreign company whose income is taxable under the provisions of this Act or rules made under it depending upon its "Residential Status" and "Type of Income" involved. Under section 139(1) every Company is required to file its income tax return for every previous year by October 31 of the assessment year. Other compliances like those relating to tax deduction at source, fringe benefit tax, advance tax, and minimum alternative tax and the like are also required to be complied with by every company.

### Goods and Service Tax ("GST")

GST is an indirect tax applicable throughout India which replaced multiple cascading taxes levied by the central and state governments. The GST is levied as Dual GST separately but concurrently by the Union (central tax CGST) and the States (including Union Territories with legislatures) (State tax SGST) / Union territories without legislatures (Union territory tax- UTGST). The Parliament has exclusive power to levy GST (integrated tax IGST) on inter-State trade or commerce (including imports) in goods or services. It was introduced as The Constitution (One Hundred and First Amendment) Act, 2017, following the passage of Constitution 122nd Amendment Bill. The GST is governed by a GST Council and its Chairman is the Finance Minister of India.

### Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 ("CGST Act")

CGST Act regulates the levy and collection of tax on the intra-State supply of goods and services by the Central Government or State Governments. The CGST Act amalgamates a large number of Central and State taxes into