the Equity Shares allocated to Anchor Investors. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion will be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds only, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Offer Price. In case of under-subscription or non-Allotment in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining Equity Shares will be added back to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than [●] Equity Shares, the balance Equity Shares available for allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIBs (other than Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids. See "Offer Procedure" on page 375.
(4) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in any category, except the QIB portion would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories at the discretion of our Company, the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange. In the event of under-subscription in the Offer, subject to receiving minimum subscription for 90% of the Fresh Issue and compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, the Allotment for the valid Bids will be made in the first instance towards subscription for 90% of the Fresh Issue. In case of under-subscription in the Offer, the Equity Shares will be allotted in the following order: (i) such number of Equity Shares will first be Allotted by our Company such that 90% of the Fresh Issue portion is subscribed; (ii) upon (i), all the Equity Shares held by the Selling Shareholders and offered for sale in the Offer for Sale will be Allotted (in proportion to the Offered Shares being offered by each Selling Shareholder); and (iii) once Equity Shares have been Allotted as per (i) and (ii) above, such number of Equity Shares will be Allotted by our Company towards the balance 10% of the Fresh Issue portion, For further details, see "Terms of the Offer" on page 364.
(5) SEBI through its circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45) dated April 5, 2022, has prescribed that all individual investors applying in initial public offerings opening on or after May 1, 2022, where the application amount is up to ₹500,000, shall use the UPI Mechanism. Individual investors bidding under the Non-Institutional Portion bidding for more than ₹200,000 and up to ₹500,000, using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.
(6) Allocation to Bidders in all categories, except Anchor Investors, if any, Non-Institutional Bidders and Retail Individual Bidders, shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid Bids received at or above the Offer Price. The allocation to each Retail Individual Bidder shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Retail Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis. For further details, see "Offer Procedure" on page 375. Not less than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 200,000 and up to ₹ 1,000,000 and two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 1,000,000 and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Portion. The allocation to each Non-Institutional Bidder shall not be less than the minimum application size, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(7) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), aggregating up to ₹ 300.00 million, at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20.00% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.

Pursuant to Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, the Offer is being made for at least [●]% of the post-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company. Except the Anchor Investor Portion, if any, allocation to all categories, the Non-Institutional Category and the Retail Category, shall be made on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. The allocation to each Retail Individual Investor shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Retail Category and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis. Allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Not more than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Category will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹200,000 and up to ₹1,000,000 and two-thirds of the Non-Institutional Category will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹1,000,000 and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Category