<table><thead><tr><th>Name, designation, address, occupation, period of directorship, current term, date of birth, DIN and Age</th><th>Other Directorships</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Age:</strong> 29 years</td><td><strong>Indian Companies</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Designation:</strong> Independent Director</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Address:</strong> G-46, 2<sup>nd</sup> Floor, Ganesh Baug, 208 Dr. B.A Road, Matunga CR, Mumbai-400019, Maharashtra</td><td><strong>Foreign Companies</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Occupation:</strong> Service</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Period of Directorship:</strong> Director since December 05, 2024</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Term:</strong> Five years from December 05, 2024</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Date of Birth:</strong> November 17, 1996</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>DIN:</strong> 10791534</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Age:</strong> 28 years</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Brief profiles of our Directors:

**Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria** is the Chairman and Managing Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with us since incorporation. He has completed matriculate exam and has over four decades of experience in the manufacturing of welding raw materials & consumables industry. He is also associated as a designated partner of Precious Weld LLP and partner of Kamman Corporation, Premier Developers, Jamnagar and Metflux Ind. Corporation.

**Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria** is the Joint Managing Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with us since incorporation. He has completed matriculate exam and has over four decades of experience in the manufacturing of welding raw materials & consumables industry. He is also associated as a designated partner of Precious Weld LLP and partner of Kamman Corporation, Premier Developers, Jamnagar and Metflux Ind. Corporation.

**Subhash Chhotalal Morzaria** is the Whole-time director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with us since incorporation. He has completed matriculate exam and has over four decades of experience in the manufacturing of welding raw materials & consumables industry. He is also associated as a designated partner of Precious Weld LLP and partner of Kamman Corporation, Premier Developers, Jamnagar, Metflux Ind. Corporation and Vraj Kaman Developers.

**Lalit Navinchandra Morzaria** is the Whole-time Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with us since incorporation. He has completed matriculate exam and has over twenty years of experience in the manufacturing of welding raw materials & consumables industry. He is also associated as a designated partner of Vraj Kamman Developers LLP, Precious Weld LLP, Bigsteel LLP and partner of Kamman Corporation, Premier Developers, Jamnagar, Kemstar Developers LLP and Vraj Kaman Developers.

**Meet Arvind Morzaria** is the Whole-time Director of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with us since 2009. He holds bachelor's degree in commerce from University of Mumbai in 2008 and a Post Graduate Diploma in Business Management from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai in 2009. He has also completed Special Entrepreneurship Program from the Athens University of Economics and Business, Greece. He has about 16 years of experience in the manufacturing of welding raw materials & consumables industry and is also associated as a designated partner of Vraj Kamman Developers LLP and partner of Kemstar Developers LLP and Vraj Kamman Developers.

**Smeet Morzaria** is the Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer of our Company. He is also one of the Promoters of our Company and has been associated with us since 2009. He holds a bachelor's degree in