operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we have controls in place with respect to the handling of such cases, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. While there have been no instances in the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, of any such fraud or misconduct committed by our employees, we cannot assure you that our employees will not commit any fraud or other misconduct in the future. Further, we may not be able to identify non-compliance and suspicious transactions in a timely manner. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.

**43. Our Promoter Group member, Kamman Corporation is engaged in a line of business similar to ours. Any conflict of interest which may occur as a result could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.**

Our Promoter Group member, Kamman Corporation is engaged in the business of distribution of welding consumables in the Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu where we also have direct customers Kamman Corporation may provide comparable services, expand its presence, solicit our employees or acquire interests in competing ventures in the locations or verticals in which we operate. For the Fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, the revenue generated from sales made by us to Kamman Corporation amounted to ₹193.11 million, ₹16.84 million, and ₹15.69 million, representing 4.05%, 0.50%, and 0.42%, respectively of our revenue from operations.

There can be no assurance that our Promoter / Promoter Group including Kamman Corporation will not compete with our existing business or any future business that we may undertake or that their interests will not conflict with ours. While we intend to adopt internal governance mechanisms and appropriate conflict management procedures to mitigate any adverse impact, the efficacy of such measures will depend on timely disclosure, monitoring, and implementation, and there can be no assurance that any actual or perceived conflict will be effectively resolved or avoided in the future.

In the event such conflict materialises, our customers or business partners may favour entities affiliated with our Promoter Group, or we may lose certain commercial opportunities. Any such outcome could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

**44. We operate in a competitive and fragmented industry with low barriers to entry and may be unable to compete with a range of unorganized sector.**

In the dynamic landscape of the welding raw material & consumables market, one of the formidable challenges arises from competition in the unorganized sector. We operate in the welding raw material & consumables industry which is competitive and fragmented, and we compete with a range of organized and unorganized players, at the national and regional level. As per CRISIL Report, approximately 55-60% of the market comprises organised players, and the rest 40-45% of the market is unorganised and fragmented with small size players generally catering to last mile end users who do not require very high-quality products and mostly prefers low priced products. Further, while we have an expanding portfolio of products, our competitors may have the advantage of focusing on concentrated products. Further, we compete against established players also, which may have greater access to financial, technical and marketing resources and expertise available to them than us in the products in which we compete against them. Further, industry consolidation may affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may further affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against employees, associates or customer to such competitors. Additionally, our ability to compete depends in part on factors outside our control, such as the availability of skilled resources, pricing pressures in the welding consumables industry and the extent of our competitors' responsiveness to their customer's needs. Our continued success depends on our ability to compete effectively against our existing and future competitors. With the potential entry of new competitors, given the low entry barriers in the industry where we operate, our ability to retain our existing customers and to attract new customers is critical to our continued success. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter increased competition in the future nor can there be any assurance that we will, in light of competitive pressures, be able to effectively compete with our competition in the various product and service segments we operate in, whether on the basis of pricing, quality or range of services or otherwise, which could have material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.