<table><tr><td></td><td>The accidental omission to give any such notice as aforesaid to any of the members, or the non-receipt thereof shall not invalidate any resolution passed at any such meeting.<br/>No general meeting, whether Annual or Extra-ordinary, shall be competent to enter upon, discuss or transact any business which has not been mentioned in the notice or notices upon which it was convened.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>63.</td><td>The quorum for a general meeting shall be as provided in the Act.</td><td>Quorum for general meeting</td></tr><tr><td>64.</td><td>If at any meeting no director is willing to act as Chairperson or if no director is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present shall, by poll or electronically, choose one of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting.</td><td>Members to elect a Chairperson</td></tr><tr><td>65.</td><td>On any business at any general meeting, in case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or electronically or on a poll, the Chairperson shall have a second or casting vote.</td><td>Casting vote of Chairperson at general meeting</td></tr><tr><td>66. (1)</td><td>The Company shall cause minutes of the proceedings of every general meeting of any class of members or creditors and every resolution passed by postal ballot to be prepared and signed in such manner as may be prescribed by the Rules and kept by making within thirty days of the conclusion of every such meeting concerned or passing of resolution by postal ballot entries thereof in books kept for that purpose with their pages consecutively numbered.</td><td>Minutes of proceedings of meetings and resolutions passed by postal ballot</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>There shall not be included in the minutes any matter which, in the opinion of the Chairperson of the meeting –<br/>(a) is, or could reasonably be regarded, as defamatory of any person; or<br/>(b) is irrelevant or immaterial to the proceedings; or<br/>(c) is detrimental to the interests of the Company.</td><td>Certain matters not to be included in Minutes</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>The Chairperson shall exercise an absolute discretion in regard to the inclusion or non-inclusion of any matter in the minutes on the grounds specified in the aforesaid clause.</td><td>Discretion of Chairperson in relation to Minutes</td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>The minutes of the meeting kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act shall be evidence of the proceedings recorded therein.</td><td>Minutes to be Evidence</td></tr><tr><td>67. (1)</td><td>The books containing the minutes of the proceedings of any general meeting of the Company or a resolution passed by postal ballot shall:<br/>(a) be kept at the registered office of the Company; and<br/>(b) be open to inspection of any member without charge, during business hours on all working days.</td><td>Inspection of minute books of general meeting</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>A body corporate, being a member, shall be deemed to be personally present, if it is represented in accordance with and in the manner as may be prescribed by, the applicable provisions of the Act.</td><td>When body corporate is member of the company</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>Any member shall be entitled to be furnished, within the time prescribed by the Act, after he has made a request in writing in that behalf to the Company and on payment of such fees as may be fixed by the Board, with a copy of any minutes referred to in clause (1) above.</td><td>Members may obtain copy of minutes</td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>The Company shall comply with the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) as approved by the Central Government under the Act, including Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings, as may be amended from time to time."</td><td>Secretarial Standard on General Meetings</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Adjournment of meeting</b></td></tr><tr><td>68. (1)</td><td>The Chairman, with the consent of the meeting, may adjourn any meeting, from time to time, and from place to place, in the city or town, in which the office of the Company is situated</td><td>Chairperson may adjourn the meeting</td></tr></table>

417