property rights in jurisdictions outside India, particularly where we export our products or propose to expand. This could restrict our ability to prevent unauthorized use of our brand and dilute our global brand recognition.

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we may be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are adjudicated against us from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims in India and abroad, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing product offerings or cease the use of such trademarks and design, or use a new non-infringing trademark. Such modifications or settlements could involve significant cost and time and may not be commercially viable. Further, necessary licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, the settlement of which could be costly and time consuming. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

**49. If we fail to effectively implement our production schedules, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected**

Our success depends in part on our ability to meet the production schedules and requirements of our customers according to their detailed specifications and delivery time frames which are, at times, demanding and complex. In particular, some of our customers who tend to require large volumes of our manufactured products, as well as customised product, within a limited amount of time. Our ability to meet these demands depends in part on our ability to rapidly ramp up production and commence large-scale production of technically complex products within short time frames.

While we have not faced any material instance of production delays or supply shortfalls in the past three Fiscals, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so in future. Any inability to enhance production capacity, implement production plans effectively, or address sudden spikes in demand may adversely impact our ability to deliver as per customer expectations.

Further, any prolonged or unanticipated disruption to our production operations due to equipment failure, manpower shortages, or supply chain constraints may affect our ability to meet delivery timelines, which could result in cancellation of orders, reputational harm, and loss of business.

**50. The information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in relation to our listed peers may not be comparable and it may be difficult to benchmark and evaluate our financial performance against other operators who operate in the same industry as us.**

While our listed peers (ESAB India Limited, ADOR Welding Limited and Diffusion Engineers Limited) may have similar product offerings in welding consumable industry, our business may be different in terms of scale, business models, product verticals or focus areas or geographical presence. Therefore, investors must rely on their own examination of our accounting ratios, non-GAAP measures and key performance indicators relating to our financial and operating performance for the purposes of investment in this Offer. We cannot assure you that our non-GAAP measures, key performance indicators and accounting ratios will improve in the future. An inability to improve or maintain our non-GAAP measures, key performance indicators and accounting ratios may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Moreover, there are no standard methodologies in the industry for the calculation of such indicators, measures and metrics. For further details, see “Basis of Offer Price” on page 138.

Our competitive position may differ from that presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, and may not be based on a benchmark with our listed industry peers. The relevant parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, other external conditions or situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors.