This global reach exposes us to significant foreign currency risks. We have not suffered any loss due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the last three Fiscals, however, we cannot assure you that such losses would not occur in future and not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Details of our gain from foreign exchange are mentioned in the table below, for the periods indicated:

(₹ in million, except percentage)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of total income</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of total income</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>% of total income</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Gains/ (Losses) from Foreign Exchange</td><td>39.32</td><td>0.82</td><td>19.56</td><td>0.57</td><td>39.22</td><td>1.05</td></tr></tbody></table>

Fluctuations in exchange rates can significantly impact our revenue and cost of goods sold, leading to variability in our financial performance. As our financial statements are presented in Indian rupees, such fluctuations could have a material impact on our reported results. Further, we do not have any hedging contracts or policies to manage our foreign currency and exchange exposure risk and do not hedge our assets or liabilities against exchange rate movements. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. If our strategies to mitigate exchange rate fluctuation risks are not successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The exchange rate of the Indian rupee has changed substantially in recent times and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results.

**23. We have significant dependence on power and fuel for our manufacturing operations and any disruption or shortage of utilities could disrupt our manufacturing operations and increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations.**

We require constant power and fuel for our Manufacturing Facilities. The power and fuel expenses as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the years are as follows:

(₹ in million, except percentage)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of revenue from operations (%)</th><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of revenue from operations (%)</th><th>Amount</th><th>Percentage of revenue from operations (%)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Power and fuel expenses</td><td>54.18</td><td>1.14</td><td>46.22</td><td>1.36</td><td>44.34</td><td>1.20</td></tr></tbody></table>

We continue to rely significantly on conventional electricity and fuel based energy sources. We procure power primarily from the state electricity boards and use Diesel Generator sets ("DG Set") to meet exigencies of Manufacturing Facilities, despite these arrangements, we cannot assure uninterrupted power supply. In the event of power outages or significant voltage fluctuations, our manufacturing operations may be disrupted, leading to production halts, increased restart costs, and potential loss of in-process materials. Any such disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. Further, in the event of a significant increase in power tariffs or diesel prices, and if we are unable to pass such increased input costs onto our customers, our cost of production and overall profitability may be adversely impacted. Sustained or frequent power supply issues may necessitate additional investments in captive power generation, resulting in incremental capital expenditure. While we have not experienced any material interruptions to our electricity supplies for Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, we cannot assure you that such interruptions would not occur due to any events unforeseen by us and re-imposition of such restrictions may impact operations and profitability of our facilities.

**24. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any non-compliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule, enforcement of security and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require our Company to obtain respective lenders' consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. As of August 31, 2025, we had total borrowings (consisting of non-current borrowings and current borrowings) of ₹ 894.26 million. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant