not be invoiced for products until the time of delivery of our systems, or products or after their delivery and, in some cases, the customer may not pay our invoices on time or at all. Our trade receivables impact our working capital requirements and higher levels of trade receivables increase our working capital requirements.

Set forth below are the details of our working capital in Fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023:

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Net working Capital<sup>(1)</sup> (₹ in million)</td><td>2,662,35</td><td>1,922.56</td><td>1,683.85</td></tr><tr><td>Working capital cycle days<sup>(2)</sup></td><td>158</td><td>172</td><td>148</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory days<sup>(3)</sup></td><td>120</td><td>117</td><td>79</td></tr><tr><td>Trade receivable days<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>67</td><td>80</td><td>81</td></tr><tr><td>Trade payable days<sup>(5)</sup></td><td>29</td><td>25</td><td>12</td></tr></tbody></table>

(1) Net working capital is calculated as the total of current assets (excluding cash & cash equivalents and bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents) less total of current liabilities (excluding current borrowings).

(2) Working capital cycle days is calculated as the total of Inventory days and Trade Receivable Days less trade Payable Days.

(3) Inventory days are calculated as average total inventories divided by total revenue from operations multiplied by 365.

(4) Trade receivables days are calculated as average trade receivables divided by total revenue from operations multiplied by 365.

(5) Trade payable days are calculated as average trade payables divided by total cost of goods sold multiplied by 365.

We expect to continue to fund our working capital requirements in the future from cash generated from operations and from working capital loans, however, our inability to meet our working capital requirements through cash from our operations or borrowings, as the case may be, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

As we implement our growth strategy, we may need to secure additional funding through increased debt or new equity issuance to support our working capital. Raising debt will elevate our interest and repayment obligations, potentially impacting profitability and cash flows, while also imposing additional covenants that could restrict our operational cash flow access.

Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, if we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for, our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Our inability to implement and maintain adequate internal control procedures and management systems for effective working capital and financial resource management could adversely affect our financial condition, thereby impacting our ability to sustain or grow our business operations, and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under cross-default provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information on the working capital facilities currently availed of by us, see "Financial Indebtedness" on page 342.

**16. In the past, two of our Promoters were debarred from accessing securities markets. In case such an event were to occur again, it may have an adverse impact on our reputation, our ability to raise funds in the future, our growth plans, operations and financial condition**

In the past, our Promoters, Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria and Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria were temporarily debarred by the SEBI from accessing the securities markets which directions have been subsequently, revoked by SEBI. Pursuant to an ad interim ex parte order dated May 8, 2015 passed by SEBI in relation to alleged manipulation in the scrip of Pine Animation Limited, our Promoter, Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria, was restrained from accessing the securities market and from buying, selling or dealing in securities, either directly or indirectly. Subsequently, upon completion of the investigation in the matter, SEBI vide its Order dated November 18, 2019, has concluded the proceedings and exonerated Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria from