# MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion is intended to convey management's perspective on our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025. You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with our Restated Financial Information included in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. You should also read the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page 33 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, which discusses several factors, risks and contingencies that could affect our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion relates to our Company and is based on our Restated Financial Information, which have been prepared in accordance with Indian accounting standard ("Ind AS"), the Companies Act and the SEBI Regulations. Portions of the following discussion are also based on internally prepared statistical information and on other sources. Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, so all references to a particular fiscal year ("Fiscal Year") are to the twelve-month period ended March 31 of that year.

In this section, unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to "we", "us" or "our" refers to Premier Industrial Corporation Limited, our Company. Unless otherwise indicated, financial information included herein are based on our "Restated Financial Information" for Financial Year ended on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and the March 31, 2025, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus beginning on page 261.

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

We are amongst the few players who operates in both powders as well as wires categories of welding consumables industry (Source: CRISIL Report). Our product portfolio spans ferro alloy, metal, chemical and mineral powders as well as low and non-alloy, stainless steel and nickel-based alloy wires. According to the CRISIL Report, our Company offers the widest range of metal, ferro alloy, chemical and minerals-based powders, among its peers. During Fiscal 2025, we contributed ~8% (~4.9 KTPA) of the overall demand for metal and ferro alloy powder generated in the domestic welding raw material & consumables industry (Source: CRISIL Report). Our products form an integral part of the welding consumables value chain, which are in turn critical for sectors such as construction, infrastructure, energy, automotive, aerospace, shipbuilding and heavy engineering.

According to the CRISIL Report, (i) over fiscals 2020-2025, we are one of the fastest growing players in the welding consumables industry with a revenues compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 20%, outpacing its peers like Diffusion Engineers, which had a CAGR of 16%; (ii) EBITDA CAGR of 31.4% from FY20 to FY25 outpaces the average peer group CAGR of 18.0% and 19.4%; (iii) our PAT CAGR of 32.6% from FY20 to FY25 exceeds the average peer group CAGR of 13.7% and 19.6%; (iv) our Operating Profit Margin (OPM) has shown a steady increase from 8.7% in FY23 to 16.8% in FY25 whereas in comparison, the peer set's OPM has remained relatively stable, with a slight decline from 13.2% in FY23 to 12.4% in FY24, before increasing to 14.7% in FY25; and (v) our Net Profit Margin (NPM) has shown a significant increase from 3.4% in FY23 to 10.7% in FY25 whereas in contrast, the peer set's NPM has remained relatively stable, ranging from 8.4% to 9.2% over the same period.

With an established operational track record in the welding consumables industry, we have developed long-standing relationships with customers in domestic and overseas markets. The following table sets forth our revenue from operations from domestic and overseas markets, in absolute terms and as a percentage of total revenue from operations, for the period indicated below:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Market</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Domestic Market</td><td>2,835.07</td><td>59.51%</td><td>2,359.36</td><td>69.50%</td><td>2,526.53</td><td>68.17%</td></tr><tr><td>Overseas Market*</td><td>1,928.81</td><td>40.49%</td><td>1,035.52</td><td>30.50%</td><td>1,179.92</td><td>31.83%</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>4,763.88</td><td>100.00%</td><td>3,394.88</td><td>100.00%</td><td>3,706.45</td><td>100.00%</td></tr></tbody></table>

*Overseas market revenue includes export incentives.

Our product range can be categorized as under:

1. Metal, Ferro alloy, Minerals and Chemical Powders

2. Wires