In the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or vary. For details, see "Risk Factor no. 36 - The objects of the Offer for which funds have been raised and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution. The deployment of funds is entirely at the discretion of our management and as per the details mentioned in the section titled "Objects of the Offer". Any revision in the estimates may require us to reschedule our expenditure and may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings. Further, if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected." on page 56.

## 2. Financing the capital expenditure requirement towards expansion of our existing manufacturing facility at Wada Unit (Maharashtra) by increasing the manufacturing capacity of our wire products ("Proposed Expansion")

We are amongst the few players who operates in both powders as well as wires categories of welding consumables industry (Source: CRISIL Report) We offer a diverse range of wire products to our customers which includes low and non-alloy steel, stainless steel, and nickel-based alloy wires. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled "Our Business - Description of our Business - Our Products" on page 203. We currently manufacture our products at our five Manufacturing Facilities with four of them located in the state of Maharashtra, being Taloja Unit, Wada Unit, Mankoli Unit and Rabale Unit and one in the state of Tamil Nadu, being Chennai Unit with a combined area approximately 24,871 sq. mtrs. and combined annual installed capacity of 23,703 MTPA for powder products and 4,194 MTPA for wire products. Details with respect to the being products manufactured at our various Manufacturing Facilities, please refer to the section titled "Our Business - Manufacturing Facilities" on page 206.

Our Wada Unit is located at Gut Nos. 33 and 39, Mauje Abje (Vaitarna Nagar), Wada, Taluka-Wada, District-Palghar - 421303, Maharashtra which is currently engaged in the manufacturing of powders. Leveraging our experience and expertise, we aim to expand our manufacturing facility and strengthen our core capabilities coupled with unutilised space available and to build capacity at our Wada Unit, we intend to expand into the production of wire products. According to the CRISIL Report, the demand for welding wires is estimated to be driven by increased demand for welding wires from end-use sectors such as construction and infrastructure, automobile, power, etc. and significant technology advancements. Additionally, the growing emphasis on safety and quality has contributed to an increased need for welding wires. The demand for welding wires is estimated at 218 KTPA for the fiscal 2025 and is expected to grow at 9.0-10.0% CAGR over fiscals 2025-2030 to reach ~335-350 KTPA.

We are currently manufacturing wire products at our Rabale Unit, which is already functioning at its optimal level, i.e. 70.84%, 72.74% and 62.72% for Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For details, see "Our Business - Capacity Utilization" on page 205. Our Rabale Unit was established in 2004, and over the years, we have gradually expanded its capacity to meet growing demand. However, due to space constraints, we are currently facing limitations in scaling up operations, as manufacturing and storage of wires require significant space. Additionally, some of our plant and machinery have not been upgraded with the latest technology, which limits our ability to efficiently address incremental demand and maintain operational flexibility.

As part of our strategy to have a dedicated and automated facility for wire products, we now intend to utilise the unutilized land available at our Wada Unit. Manufacturing of wire products requires significant space due to processes such as annealing and wire drawing. The Proposed Expansion with the purchase of plant and machinery such as annealing furnace, wire drawing machine and re-heating furnace with a focus on enhancing quality, operational efficiency, and safety standards in our manufacturing operations. The Proposed Expansion envisages construction of about 9,322.12 sq. mtrs built-up area being set up at our Wada Unit.

The Proposed Expansion is therefore aimed at adding 5,000 MTPA of manufacturing capacity for wire products at our Wada Unit, enabling us to enhance sales potential and strengthen our competitive position in the market. Below mentioned are the details of the proposed capacity at the Wada Unit pursuant to the Proposed Expansion:

<table><thead><tr><td>Product</td><td>Existing Capacity (A)</td><td>Proposed Capacity (B)</td><td>Total Capacity (A+B)</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Wire products including low and non-alloy, stainless steel and nickel-based alloy wires</td><td>Nil</td><td>5,000 MTPA</td><td>5,000 MTPA</td></tr></tbody></table>