(4) Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay -In Date as indicated in the CAN. Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Selling Shareholders, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.
The Bids by FPIS with certain structures as described under the section entitled "Offer Procedure - Bids by FPIS" on page 381 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately distributed. Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

The Bids by FPIS with certain structures as described under “Offer Procedure — Bids by FPIS” on page 381 and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares of ₹10 each Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with same PAN) may be proportionately distributed.

Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our Company, the Selling Shareholders, the members of the Syndicate, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion or the Retail Portion would be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange, on a proportionate basis. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories. For further details, see “Terms of the Offer” on page 364.