could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. For further discussion on capital gains tax, see “Risk Factor 71 - *Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of and dividend on our Equity Shares.*” on page 71.

Further, for the purposes of undertaking acquisitions or making investments, we comply with relevant laws and obtain applicable approvals. However, in relation to our acquisitions or investments, there can be no assurance that we will not be exposed to new or increased regulatory oversight and uncertain or evolving regulatory or legal compliances. For details in relation to our historic acquisitions, see “*History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, since its incorporation*” on page 224.

We cannot predict the impact of any changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of, new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations could result in us, our business, operations or group structure being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and expend resources relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future.

**60. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.**

The Indian market and the Indian economy may be influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and emerging economies in Asia, where we have our operations. Increased economic volatility and trade restrictions could result in increased volatility in the markets for certain securities and commodities and may cause inflation. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Recently, the currencies of a few Asian countries including India suffered depreciation against the US Dollar owing to amongst other things, a rise in interest rates in the United States.

The foregoing events, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares.

**61. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect us.**

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits or exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies from 30.00% to 22.00% (exclusive of applicable health and education cess and surcharge). Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities or tribunals or courts would have an effect on our profitability.