estimates and could be materially different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual gains or losses in the future could materially differ from those that have been estimated and are not a guarantee of future performance.

Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of our Company as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are not a guarantee of future performance. These statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. None of our Company, our Promoters, our Directors, our KMPs, SMPs, the Selling Shareholders, the Syndicate or any of their respective affiliates has any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition.

In accordance with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall ensure that Bidders in India are informed of material developments, in relation to statements and undertakings confirmed and undertaken by our Company, from the date thereof until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchanges for the Offer. In accordance with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, each of the Selling Shareholders shall, severally and not jointly, ensure that our Company and BRLM are informed of material developments, solely to the extent of statements specifically made or confirmed by such Selling Shareholder in relation to itself or its portion of Offered Shares in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, from the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus thereof until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchanges for the Offer. Only statements and undertakings which are specifically confirmed or undertaken by the Selling Shareholders, as the case may be, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall, severally and not jointly, deemed to be statements and undertakings made by such Selling Shareholders.