79. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors.

SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, concentration of certain customer accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple, market capitalization, etc.

Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of customer accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off, limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company.

80. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions.

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors' fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders' rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders' rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholders of an entity in another jurisdiction.

81. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the proceeds from the Offer for Sale.

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale of up to 5,400,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each by the Selling Shareholders. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the proceeds from the Offer for Sale, net of their proportionate share of Offer expenses. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale and accordingly, such proceeds will not be available for any business purpose or growth-related initiatives of the Company.

Investors should note that only the Fresh Issue component of the Offer is intended to raise capital for the Company, and such funds will be deployed as described in the section titled “Objects of the Offer” on page 107 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.