<table><tr><td></td><td>(a) on every share (not being a fully paid share) and upon the proceeds of sale thereof for all monies (whether presently payable or not) called, or payable at a fixed time, in respect of that share; and<br/>(b) on all shares (not being fully paid shares) standing registered in the name of a member, for all monies presently payable by him or his estate to the Company:<br/>Provided that the Board may at any time declare any share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article.<br/>Provided further that Company's lien, if any, on such partly paid shares, shall be restricted to money called or payable at a fixed price in respect of such shares.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The Company's Lien, if any, on a share shall extend to all dividends or interest, as the case may be, payable and bonuses declared from time to time in respect of such shares for any money owing to the Company.<br/>However, a member shall exercise any voting rights in respect of the shares in regard to which the Company has exercised the right of Lien.</td><td>Lien to extend to dividends, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>Unless otherwise agreed by the Board, the registration of a transfer of shares shall operate as a waiver of the Company's Lien.</td><td>Waiver of Lien in case of registration</td></tr><tr><td>14.</td><td>The Company may sell, in such manner as the Board thinks fit, any shares on which the Company has a Lien:<br/>Provided that no sale shall be made—<br/>(a) unless a sum in respect of which the Lien exists is presently payable; or<br/>(b) until the expiration of fourteen days after a notice in writing stating and demanding payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the Lien exists as is presently payable, has been given to the registered holder for the time being of the share or to the person entitled thereto by reason of his death or insolvency or otherwise.</td><td>As to enforcing Lien by sale</td></tr><tr><td>15. (1)</td><td>To give effect to any such sale, the Board may authorize some person to transfer the shares sold to the purchaser thereof</td><td>Validity of sale</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer.</td><td>Purchaser to be registered holder</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>The receipt of the Company for the consideration (if any) given for the share on the sale thereof shall (subject, if necessary, to execution of an instrument of transfer or a transfer by relevant system, as the case may be) constitute a good title to the share and the purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the share.</td><td>Validity of Company's receipt</td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>The purchaser shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings with reference to the sale</td><td>Purchaser not affected</td></tr><tr><td>16. (1)</td><td>The proceeds of the sale shall be received by the Company and applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the Lien exists as is presently payable.</td><td>Application of proceeds of sale</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The residue, if any, shall, subject to a like Lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the shares before the sale, be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale.</td><td>Payment of residual money</td></tr><tr><td>17.</td><td>The provisions of these Articles relating to Lien shall mutatis mutandis apply to any other securities including debentures of the Company.</td><td>Provisions as to Lien to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Calls on shares</td></tr></table>