consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents from our lenders include, amongst others, (a) Change in the ownership, management or control; (b) Prior written consent of the bank to transfer, sell, lease, grant on license or create any third party interest on the security. Failure to comply with these covenants in the future may restrict or delay our ability to undertake certain corporate actions or initiatives. There has been no instance of non-compliance with respect to any of the covenants. However, we cannot assure you that no such non-compliance will occur in future.

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary consents/ waivers, constitute defaults under the relevant financing agreements and will entitle the respective lenders to declare a default against us and enforce remedies under the terms of the financing agreements, that include, among others, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, enforcement of any security interest created under the financing agreements and taking possession of the assets given as security in respect of the financing agreements. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing. A default by us under the terms of any financing agreement may also trigger a cross-default under some of our other financing agreements, or any other agreements or instruments of our containing cross-default provisions, which may individually or in aggregate, have an adverse effect on our operations, financial position and credit rating. For further information on our borrowings, see “Financial Indebtedness” on page 342.

**25. None of our other Directors have any prior experience of directorship in listed companies.**

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Board comprises of fourteen Directors, consisting of one Chairman and Managing Director, one Joint Managing Director, five Whole-time Directors, seven Independent Directors, including two women Independent Directors. While all our directors have relevant experience in their respective fields, none of our Directors, have previously served on the board of any company listed on a recognised stock exchange in India. For further details, see “Our Management” on page 226.

Not having any significant contemporary experience of being a director in any other listed company may present certain potential challenges for our Company such as transitional challenges in adapting to the enhanced corporate governance framework and heightened regulatory and disclosure obligations applicable to listed entities under the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable laws. As a result, the Board of Directors may have to provide increased attention to such procedures and their attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. For further details on our Board of Directors, see “Our Management” on page 226.

**26. Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our Manufacturing Facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary.**

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our Manufacturing Facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by M/s. Sandeep Mashru & Co, independent chartered engineer, in their certificate dated September 29, 2025 in the calculation of the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities and such calculations may not be computed on the basis of, or in accordance with, any standard methodology and may not be comparable to that employed by our competitors.

These assumptions and estimates include the period during which our manufacturing facilities operated in a year or period, the number of machine-working hours per day, working shifts and availability of machines. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary from the estimated production capacities of our operational manufacturing facilities and its historical capacity utilization rates. For further