Our overseas operations have also expanded significantly over the years, with supplies to across 31 countries including the U.S.A., Australia, Russia, Indonesia, Malaysia, South Africa and the U.A.E., contributing 40.49%, 30.50% and 31.83% of our revenue from operations during Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During Fiscal 2025 and 2024, our revenue from exports was ₹1,928.81 million and ₹1,034.94 million, respectively. This represents a significant year-on-year increase of 86.37%, primarily attributable to the rise in revenue from export of goods. During this period, we entered new international markets and further expanded our presence in existing ones, contributing to the growth of our global reach. We intend to further expand our international footprint by tapping into regions with higher purchasing power and growing demand for welding consumables, thereby improving our margins. Our strategy includes strengthening global customer relationships, enhancing visibility through trade fairs, appointing distributor(s) / external consultants, investing in localized supply chains, and leveraging our sales and marketing network to expand into Vietnam, Ukraine, Russia, Australia, Germany, United Kingdom and other regions. We have also entered into warehousing arrangements with warehouse operator in USA to facilitate storage and movement of our products.

We are currently manufacturing powder products at our Taloja, Mankholi, Chennai and Wada Units, which is already at its optimal level. For details, see “*Our Business – Capacity Utilization*” on page 205. We are currently facing limitations in scaling up operations and some of our plant and machinery have not been upgraded with the latest technology, which limits our ability to efficiently address incremental demand and maintain operational flexibility.

The Proposed Facility with the purchase of plant and machinery such as Pulverizer system, Jaw Crusher and Distribution transformer with a focus on enhancing quality, operational efficiency, and safety standards in our manufacturing operations. The Proposed Facility is therefore aimed at adding 15,000 MTPA of manufacturing capacity for powder products at our Raigad, Maharashtra enabling us to enhance our sales potential and strengthen our competitive position in the market.

We propose to utilize an aggregate of ₹512.26 million, constituting [•]% of the Net Proceeds towards funding the capital expenditure for the purposes of the Proposed Facility at the Raigad, Maharashtra, which shall include procurement and installation of plant and machinery & building and civil works and furniture and fixtures.

*Estimated Cost*

The total estimated cost for the Proposed Facility is ₹512.26 million, as estimated by M/s. Sandeep Mashru & Co., Independent Chartered Engineer, pursuant to certificate dated September 29, 2025. Out of this estimated cost, ₹Nil has already been deployed as of August 31, 2025. A sum of ₹512.26 million to be deployed shall be funded from the Net Proceeds. The detailed break-up of the estimated cost of the Proposed Facility, is set forth below:

(₹ in million)

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Total Estimated Cost<sup>(1)</sup></th><th>Amount deployed as of August 31, 2025</th><th>Balance Amount to be funded from Net Proceeds</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Building, Civil Works, Office Furniture & Fixtures</td><td>255.71</td><td>-</td><td>255.71</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Purchase of Plant & Machinery</td><td>232.15</td><td>-</td><td>232.15</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Contingencies</td><td>24.40</td><td>-</td><td>24.40</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Total</strong></td><td><strong>512.26</strong></td><td><strong>-</strong></td><td><strong>512.26</strong></td></tr></tbody></table>

* As certified by M/s. Sandeep Mashru & Co., Independent Chartered Engineer, pursuant to certificate dated September 29, 2025

Our Board pursuant to their resolutions dated September 29, 2025 has approved the Proposed Facility and taken note that an amount of ₹512.26 million is proposed to be funded for capital expenditure from the Net Proceeds towards the entire cost of the Proposed Facility. The fund requirements, the deployment of funds and the intended use of the Net Proceeds, for the Proposed Facility, as described hereinabove, are based on our current business plan, management estimates, current and valid quotations from suppliers, and other commercial and technical factors. However, such total estimated cost and related fund requirements have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment on account of a variety of factors such as our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition and interest or exchange rate fluctuations and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling or revising the planned expenditure and funding