<table><tr><td></td><td>Subject to the provisions of section 173(3) meeting may be called at shorter notice.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>92. (1)</td><td>Subject to the restrictive provisions of any agreement or understanding as entered into by the Company with any other person(s) such as the collaborators, financial institutions, etc. and save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, questions arising at any meeting of the Board shall be decided by a majority of votes.</td><td>Questions at Board meeting how decided</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>In case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson of the Board, if any, shall have a second or casting vote.</td><td>Casting vote of Chairperson at Board meeting</td></tr><tr><td>93.</td><td>The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board; but, if and so long as their number is reduced below the quorum fixed by the Act for a meeting of the Board, the continuing directors or director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of directors to that fixed for the quorum, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.</td><td>Directors not to act when number falls below minimum</td></tr><tr><td>94. (1)</td><td>The Chairperson of the Company shall be the Chairperson at meetings of the Board. In his absence, the Board may elect a Chairperson of its meetings and determine the period for which he is to hold office.</td><td>Who to preside at meetings of the Board</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>If no such Chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the directors present may choose one of their number to be Chairperson of the meeting</td><td>Directors to elect a Chairperson</td></tr><tr><td>95. (1)</td><td>The Board may, subject to the provisions of the Act, delegate any of its powers to Committees consisting of such member or members of its body as it thinks fit.</td><td>Delegation of powers</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The Board shall constitute such Committees, including the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee, or any other Committee, as may be required under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The composition, quorum, powers and duties of such Committees shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.</td><td>Board to constitute Committees</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>Any Committee so formed shall, in the exercise of the powers so delegated, conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Board. All acts done by any such committee of the Board, in conformity with such regulations, and in fulfilment of the purposes of their appointment but not otherwise, shall have the like force and effect as if were done by the Board.</td><td>Committee to conform to Board regulations</td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>The participation of directors in a meeting of the Committee may be either in person or through video conferencing or audio visual means or teleconferencing, as may be prescribed by the Rules or permitted under Applicable Laws.</td><td>Participation at Committee meetings</td></tr><tr><td>96. (1)</td><td>A Committee may elect a Chairperson of its meetings unless the Board, while constituting a Committee, has appointed a Chairperson of such Committee.</td><td>Chairperson of Committee</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>If no such Chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present may choose one of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting.</td><td>Who to preside at meetings of Committee</td></tr><tr><td>97. (1)</td><td>A Committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks fit.</td><td>Committee to meet</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>Questions arising at any meeting of a Committee shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members present.</td><td>Questions at Committee meeting how decided</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>In case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson of the Committee shall have a second or casting vote.</td><td>Casting vote of Chairperson at Committee meeting</td></tr><tr><td>98.</td><td>The meetings and proceedings of any meeting of such Committee of the Board, consisting of two or more members, shall be governed by the provisions</td><td>Acts of Board or Committee</td></tr></table>

429