<table><tr><td></td><td>themselves call the meeting, but, in either case, any meeting so called shall be held within 3 (Three) months or such other period, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, from the date of the delivery of the requisition as aforesaid.<br/><br/>Any meeting called under the foregoing Articles by the requisitionists shall be called in the same manner, as nearly as possible as that in which such meetings are to be called by the Board.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Proceedings at general meetings</b></td></tr><tr><td>61.</td><td>No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business.</td><td>Presence of Quorum</td></tr><tr><td>62.</td><td>No business shall be discussed or transacted at any general meeting except election of Chairperson whilst the chair is vacant.</td><td>Business confined to election of Chairperson whilst chair vacant</td></tr><tr><td>62. (A)</td><td>Not more than 15 (Fifteen) months or such other period, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, shall lapse between the date of one Annual General Meeting and that of the next. Nothing contained in the foregoing provisions shall be taken as affecting the right conferred upon the Registrar under the provisions of the Act to extend time within which any Annual General Meeting may be held.</td><td>Gap between two Annual General Meetings</td></tr><tr><td>62. (B)</td><td>Every Annual General Meeting shall be called for a time during business hours i.e., between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m., on a day that is not a National Holiday, and shall be held at the Office of the Company or at some other place within the city, in which the Office of the Company is situated, as the Board may think fit and determine and the notices calling the Meeting shall specify it as the Annual General Meeting.<br/><br/>At least 21 (Twenty-one) days' notice, of every general meeting, Annual or Extra-ordinary, and by whomsoever called, specifying the day, date, place and hour of meeting, and the general nature of the business to be transacted there at, shall be given in the manner hereinafter provided, to such persons as are under these Articles entitled to receive notice from the Company, provided that in the case of an General Meeting, with the consent of members holding not less than 95 per cent of such part of the paid up Share Capital of the Company as gives a right to vote at the meeting, a meeting may be convened by a shorter notice. In the case of an Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company, if any business other than<br/>(i) the consideration of the Accounts, Balance Sheet and Reports of the Board and the Auditors thereon<br/>(ii) the declaration of dividend,<br/>(iii) appointment of directors in place of those retiring,<br/>(iv) the appointment of, and fixing the remuneration of, the Auditors,<br/><br/>is to be transacted, and in the case of any other meeting, in respect of any item of business, a statement setting out all material facts concerning each such item of business, including, in particular, the nature and extent of the interest, if any, therein of every director and manager, if any, where any such item of special business relates to, or affects any other company, the extent of shareholding interest in that other company or every director and manager, if any, of the Company shall also be set out in the statement if the extent of such Shareholding interest is not less than such percent, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, of the paid-up Share Capital of that other Company. Where any item of business consists of the according of approval of the members to any document at the meeting, the time and place, where such document can be inspected, shall be specified in the statement aforesaid.</td><td>Time for Annual General Meeting</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Dispatch of documents before Annual General Meeting</td></tr></table>