period as may be prescribed under applicable law. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors' ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors' demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in accordance with applicable law. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods.

**76. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.**

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of our Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced.

**77. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or securities linked to Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding, and sale of our Equity Shares by our major shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares.**

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in us. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the Shareholders will not dispose of our Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in our Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares.

Any sales (or pledge or encumbrance) of substantial amounts of our Equity Shares in the public market after the completion of the Offer by our major shareholders, including our Promoters (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations), or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares and materially impair our future ability to raise capital through offerings of our Equity Shares.

**78. The current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue prices. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer.**

The current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue prices. For further information, see "*Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures - Price Information and track record of past issued handled by the Book Running Lead Manager*" on page 359. The factors that could affect the market price of our Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under "*Basis for Offer Price*" beginning on page 138 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue price. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing.