**51. We have in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry we operate.**

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance, such as, EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Growth EBITDA, Return on Capital Employed, Return on Equity, PAT Margin, Growth in PAT Margin, PAT CAGR and Debt to Equity Ratio ("Non-GAAP Measures") have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Such Non-GAAP Measures are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of similar businesses, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/(loss) for the years or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other similar companies. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures are not standardized terms, hence a direct comparison of these Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

Further, we track certain operating metrics with our internal systems and tools. Our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in changes to our metrics in the future, including to metrics that we publicly disclose. If our internal systems and tools track our metrics inaccurately in the future, the corresponding data may be inaccurate. This may impair our understanding and evaluation of certain aspects of our business, which could affect our operations and long-term strategies.

Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

**52. Accidents and natural disasters could result in the slowdown or stoppage of our business and could also cause us to incur liabilities arising from human fatalities and damage to property.**

Our machines and operations at our Manufacturing Facilities, and our stock stored at our stockyards are subject to hazards inherent to our operations. Risks related to work accidents, fire or explosion, including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe loss or damage to property and environment may be present on our premises. For instance, our Company made an insurance claim of ₹ 3.03 million in respect of a fire accident at Taloja Unit in the year 2022 against which an amount of ₹ 2.55 million was settled by the insurance company. Occurrence of any such events could affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. Further, natural disasters or severe weather conditions, including earthquakes, fires, heavy rains, flooding etc. could adversely affect our business operations.

While our facilities are generally insured, there can be no assurance that insurance proceeds, if and when received, would be adequate to cover the full extent of losses incurred, or that insurance coverage will be available or renewed on commercially acceptable terms in the future.

**53. Fraud or misconduct by our employees could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.**

Our business is susceptible to acts of fraud committed by our employees. Fraudulent and unauthorized conduct by our employees could also include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or