<table><tr><td></td><td>time to time properly be required by the Board and subject as hereinafter provided, elect, either –<br/>(a) to be registered himself as holder of the share; or<br/>(b) to make such transfer of the share as the deceased or insolvent member could have made.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>The Board shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as it would have had, if the deceased or insolvent member had transferred the share before his death or insolvency.</td><td>Board's right unaffected</td></tr><tr><td>35. (1)</td><td>If the person so becoming entitled shall elect to be registered as holder of the share himself, he shall deliver or send to the Company a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects.</td><td>Right to election of holder of share</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>If the person aforesaid shall elect to transfer the share, he shall testify his election by executing a transfer of the share.</td><td>Manner of testifying election</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>All the limitations, restrictions and provisions of these regulations relating to the right to transfer and the registration of transfers of shares shall be applicable to any such notice or transfer as aforesaid as if the death or insolvency of the member had not occurred and the notice or transfer were a transfer signed by that member.</td><td>Limitations applicable to notice</td></tr><tr><td>36.</td><td>A person becoming entitled to a share by reason of the death or insolvency of the holder shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered holder of the share, except that he shall not, before being registered as a member in respect of the share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company:<br/>Provided that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to transfer the share, and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the share, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.</td><td>Claimant to be entitled to same advantage</td></tr><tr><td>37.</td><td>The provisions of these Articles relating to transmission by operation of law shall mutatis mutandis apply to any other securities including debentures of the Company</td><td>Provisions as to transmission to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>37. (A)</td><td>No fee shall be charged for registration of transfer, transmission, probate, succession certificate and letters of administration, certificate of death or marriage, power of attorney or similar other document</td><td>No fee for transfer or transmission</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Nomination by security holder</b></td></tr><tr><td>38.</td><td>(i) Every holder of Securities in the Company may, at any time, nominate, in the prescribed manner, a person to whom his Securities in the Company, shall vest in the event of his death.<br/>(ii) Where the Securities in the Company are held by more than one person jointly, the joint-holders may together nominate, in the prescribed manner, a person to whom all the rights in the Securities in the Company shall vest in the event of death of all joint holders.<br/>(iii) Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles or any other law, for the time being, in force, or in any disposition, whether testamentary or otherwise, in respect of such Securities in the Company, where a nomination made in the prescribed manner purports to confer on any person the right to vest the Securities in the Company, the nominee shall, on the death of the Shareholders of the Company or, as the case may be, on the death of the joint holders, become entitled to all the rights in the Securities of the Company or, as the case may be, all the joint holders, in relation to such securities in the Company, to the exclusion of all other</td><td>Manner of nomination by security holder</td></tr></table>