45. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our production units may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, revenue and ability to meet customer demand

The activities carried out at our manufacturing facilities involve inherent risks, including potential hazards to the health and safety of our employees and contract labour. While we maintain a safe and healthy working environment which is compliant with applicable occupational health and safety management system and environmental management system regulations, the possibility of accidents, such as equipment malfunctions, chemical exposure, or fire, cannot be entirely eliminated. An accident at any of our facilities may result in personal injury to our employees, or the labour deployed at our manufacturing facilities, damage to property or equipment, manufacturing or delivery delays, environmental damage, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. During the last three Fiscals, there have been no instances where we have encountered any fatalities or any employee injuries, except for a fire incident at one of our Taloja Unit in 2022, an insurance claim of ₹ 3.03 million was filed in relation to this incident, against which an amount of ₹ 2.55 million was settled by the insurance company.

Any such future incident(s) may result in legal proceedings or regulatory investigations, the outcome of which may not be predictable or covered fully by insurance. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects.

Our operations are subject to operating risks associated with manufacturing, including related to handling and storage of raw materials used in our manufacturing processes. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including:

* fires;
* mechanical failures and other operational problems; and
* inclement weather and natural disasters.

The occurrence of any of these hazards could result in a suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. We may also face claims and litigation filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our manufacturing facilities.

Further, any regulatory non-compliance following such incidents may also lead to sanctions, suspension of manufacturing licenses, or revocation of certain approvals required for operations, adversely impacting our ability to meet customer obligations.

46. Our business may be impacted by disruptions, shifting customer preferences, and cost-related factors within the industries we serve. Our profitability, business and commercial success is significantly dependent on our ability to anticipate evolving industry trends and customer requirements and utilize our resources to enhance and develop our products that efficiently satisfy and meet our customer's specific requirements in a timely manner. Any failure on our part to do so, may have an impact on the reputation of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, reputation, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.

The markets in which we and our customers operate is characterized by changing technology, evolving industry standards and demands for features, and continual product innovation. These conditions may also result in significant competition. If the end-user demand is low for our customers' products, there may be significant changes in the orders from our customers and we may experience greater pricing pressures. Therefore, risks that could harm the industry of our customers could, as a result, adversely affect us as well. Our success is therefore dependent on the success achieved by our customers in developing and marketing their products. If our customers' technologies become obsolete or fail to gain widespread commercial acceptance, our customers may experience a reduced demand for their products which may affect our sales to such customers, operating margins depending on the nature of the product, and all of these combined may gradually result in a loss of customers including key ones. However, there can be uncertainty regarding the development and production of these products as planned and failure to anticipate or respond rapidly to advances in technology can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, industry-wide competition for market share of various products can result in aggressive pricing practices by our customers and therefore our customers may also choose to import