**28. There can be no assurance that the objects of the Offer will be achieved within the time frame anticipated or at all, or that the deployment of the Net Proceeds in the manner intended by us will result in any increase in the value of your investment.**

We propose to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds towards funding of capital expenditure requirements towards proposed expansion of our Wada Unit, Setting-up a manufacturing facility at Khalapur, Raigad, Maharashtra, working capital requirements and General corporate purpose. For further details, see “*Objects of the Offer*” on page 107. Our Board will have flexibility in temporarily investing the Net Proceeds as well as it’s inter-se allocation across various heads, as disclosed in the section titled “*Objects of the Offer*” on page 107. Further, the plans for deployment of the Net Proceeds are in accordance with our management’s estimates and have not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or any other external agency. Our Company may have to revise the management estimates from time to time on account of various factors beyond our control, such as market conditions, competitive environment, and interest or exchange rate fluctuations and consequently its requirements may change. In addition to above, given the dynamic nature of our business and the industry in which we propose to venture, we may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment on account of variety of factors such as our financial condition, business and strategy, including external factors which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling the schedule of deployment at the discretion of our management. While our Company may revise the plans and schedule for deployment of the Net Proceeds, however the management of our Company shall not have the power to alter the objects of this Offer except with the approval of the Shareholders of the Company given by way of a special resolution in a general meeting, in the manner specified in Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013. Additionally, the dissenting shareholders being those shareholders who have not agreed to the proposal to vary the objects of this Offer, our Promoters shall provide them with an opportunity to exit at such price, and in such manner and conditions as may be specified by the SEBI, in respect to the same.

In case of any shortfall of the proceeds raised from this Offer, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the funds through other sources to meet our obligations of meeting equity contribution towards the objects of the offer. In case of shortfall in the proceeds of this Offer which are to be utilized for meeting the objects of the Offer, the shortfall will be met by such means as are available to our Company at such future time and at the discretion of the management, including by way of cash available with us or by any other means permissible under law. We cannot assure that we will be able to arrange for adequate cash or will be able to procure further loans to meet the funding requirements. Any failure to meet the additional funding requirements will have a material adverse effect on the implementation of the objects of the Offer. We may also be required to adhere to certain restrictive covenants as regards raising of finance for the units from means other than those sanctioned under our present financing documents. Any failure or delay on our part to raise funds from the Offer or any shortfall in the Offer proceeds and subsequent inability of our Company to source alternate means of finance may delay the implementation of our project and could adversely affect our growth plans.

**29. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and delays in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.**

Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of the products that we offer, thereby exposing us to counterparty credit risk, including significant delays in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments. The following table sets forth our trade receivables for the periods/years indicated.

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of operation revenues</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of operation revenues</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of operation revenues</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Trade receivables</td><td>1,054.18</td><td>22.13</td><td>696.35</td><td>20.51</td><td>785.15</td><td>21.18</td></tr></tbody></table>

For details of our trade receivables, see “*Restated Financial Information*” on page 261.

Due to the nature of agreements and arrangements that we enter into, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit, ranging typically from 60 to 90 days to our customers in respect of our products and services. Consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts, in part or at all. If a significant portion of our customers default in making