12. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance.

As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have five Manufacturing Facilities out of which four
facilities are located in Maharashtra and One is in Tamil Nadu. The table below sets forth the installed
production capacity and the capacity utilization of our Manufacturing Facilities for Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024
and Fiscal 2023:

<table><thead><tr><th>Particulars</th><th>Products<br>being<br>manufactured</th><th>Unit of<br>Measurement</th><th>Fiscal 2025<sup>#</sup></th><th>Fiscal 2024<sup>#</sup></th><th>Fiscal 2023<sup>#</sup></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Mankholi Unit</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Installed Capacity <sup>(1)</sup></td><td rowspan="3">Powder</td><td>MT/A <sup>(4)</sup></td><td>4,800</td><td>4,800</td><td>4,800</td></tr><tr><td>Actual Production <sup>(2)</sup></td><td>MT/A <sup>(4)</sup></td><td>4,429</td><td>4,277</td><td>4,093</td></tr><tr><td>Capacity Utilization <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>%</td><td>92.28%</td><td>89.11%</td><td>85.27%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Taloja Unit</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Installed Capacity <sup>(1)</sup></td><td rowspan="3">Powder</td><td>Tons/A <sup>(4)</sup></td><td>10,000</td><td>10,000</td><td>10,000</td></tr><tr><td>Actual Production <sup>(2)</sup></td><td>Tons/A <sup>(4)</sup></td><td>7850</td><td>2789</td><td>3036</td></tr><tr><td>Capacity Utilization <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>%</td><td>78.50%</td><td>27.89%</td><td>30.36%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Chennai Unit</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Installed Capacity <sup>(1)</sup></td><td rowspan="3">Powder</td><td>Tons/A<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>4,403</td><td>4,403</td><td>4,403</td></tr><tr><td>Actual Production <sup>(2)</sup></td><td>Tons/A<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>2,221</td><td>1,502</td><td>1,202</td></tr><tr><td>Capacity Utilization <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>%</td><td>50.44%</td><td>34.11%</td><td>27.31%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Wada Unit</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Installed Capacity <sup>(1)</sup></td><td rowspan="3">Powder</td><td>MT/A<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>4,500</td><td>4,500</td><td>4,500</td></tr><tr><td>Actual Production <sup>(2)</sup></td><td>MT/A<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>1,972</td><td>503</td><td>400</td></tr><tr><td>Capacity Utilization <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>%</td><td>43.83%</td><td>11.18%</td><td>8.90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"><strong>Rabale Unit<sup>(5)</sup></strong></td></tr><tr><td>Installed Capacity <sup>(1)</sup></td><td rowspan="3">Wires</td><td>MT/A<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>4,194</td><td>4,194</td><td>4,194</td></tr><tr><td>Actual Production <sup>(2)</sup></td><td>MT/A<sup>(4)</sup></td><td>2,971</td><td>3,051</td><td>2,630</td></tr><tr><td>Capacity Utilization <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>%</td><td>70.84%</td><td>72.74%</td><td>62.72%</td></tr></tbody></table>

#As certified by M/s. Sandeep Mashru & Co, Independent Chartered Engineer by certificate dated September 29, 2025
Notes:

(1) The information relating to the installed capacity of the manufacturing facilities as of the dates included above are based on various assumptions and estimates that have been taken into account for calculation of the installed capacity.

(2) The information relating to the actual production at the manufacturing facilities as of the dates included above are based on the following assumptions: The machines are running for 288 days a year, single shift of 8 hours.

(3) Capacity utilization has been calculated on the basis of actual production during the relevant period divided by the aggregate installed capacity of relevant manufacturing facilities as of at the end of the relevant period.

(4) "MT"/ "MT/A"/ "Tons/A" shall mean "metric tonnes"/ "metric tonnes per annum"/"tonnes per annum".

For further details in relation to our manufacturing facilities, see "Our Business – Properties and Facilities" on page 215.

These rates are not indicative of future capacity utilization rates, which are dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, shipping cost, our ability to manage our inventory and improving operational efficiency. Under-utilization of our production capacities over extended periods or significant under-utilization in the short-term could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to maintain optimum levels of capacity utilization. Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at Units, orders under execution, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by our customers. In the event that there is a decline in the demand for our products, or if we face prolonged disruptions at our manufacturing facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labor unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, profitability and margins, cash flows and financial condition.

Further, we intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds for funding a new manufacturing unit for powder at Khalapur, Raigad, Maharashtra ("Proposed Facility") and funding towards capital expenditure of our