<table><tr><td></td><td>(b) Save as otherwise provided in (a) above, the Depository as the registered owner of the shares shall not have any voting rights or any other rights in respect of shares held by it.<br/>Every person holding shares of the Company and whose name is entered as the beneficial owner in the records of the Depository shall be deemed to be the owner of such shares and shall also be deemed to be a shareholder of the Company. The beneficial owner of the shares shall be entitled to all the liabilities in respect of his shares which are held by a Depository. The Company shall be further entitled to maintain a register of members with the details of members holding shares both in material and dematerialised form in any medium as permitted by law including any form of electronic medium.<br/>Notwithstanding anything in the Act or the Articles to the contrary, where shares are held in a Depository, the records of the beneficial ownership may be served by such Depository on the Company by means of electronic mode or by delivery of disks, drives or any other mode as prescribed by law from time to time.<br/>Nothing contained in the Act or the Articles regarding the necessity to have distinctive numbers for securities issued by the Company shall apply to securities held with a Depository.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Transfer of shares</b></td></tr><tr><td>28. (1)</td><td>A common form of transfer shall be used and the instrument of transfer of any share in the Company shall be in writing which shall be duly executed by or on behalf of both the transferor and transferee and shall be duly stamped and delivered to the Company within the prescribed period and all provisions of section 56 of the Act and statutory modification thereof for the time being shall be duly complied with in respect of all transfer of shares and registration thereof.<br/>Every instrument of transfer shall be in writing and all provisions of the Act, the rules and applicable laws shall be duly complied with. The instrument shall also be duly stamped, under the relevant provisions of the Law, for the time being, in force, and shall be signed by or on behalf of the transferor and the transferee, and in the case of Share held by two or more holders or to be transferred to the joint names of two or more transferees by all such joint holders or by all such joint transferees, as the case may be.</td><td><b>Instrument of transfer to be executed by transferor and transferee</b></td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The Company shall keep the "Register of Transfers" and therein shall fairly and distinctly enter particulars of every transfer or transmission of any Share. The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share until the name of the transferee is entered in the register of members in respect thereof.</td><td><b>Register of transfer</b></td></tr><tr><td>29.</td><td>The Board may, subject to the right of appeal conferred by the section 58 of the Act decline to register –<br/>(a) the transfer of a share, not being a fully paid share, to a person of whom they do not approve; or<br/>(b) any transfer of shares on which the Company has a Lien.<br/>The registration of a transfer shall not be refused on the ground of the transferor being either alone or jointly with any other person or persons indebted to the Company on any account whatsoever.</td><td><b>Board may refuse to register transfer</b></td></tr><tr><td>30.</td><td>The Board may decline to recognize any instrument of transfer unless-<br/>(a) the instrument of transfer is duly executed and is in the form as prescribed in the Rules made under sub-section (1) of section 56 of the Act;</td><td><b>Board may decline to recognize instrument of transfer</b></td></tr></table>