<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>QIBs<sup>(1)</sup></td><td>Non-Institutional Bidders</td><td>Retail Individual Bidders</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td>in multiples of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10 each such that</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Maximum Bid</td><td colspan="3">Such number of Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10 each in multiples of [●] Equity Shares so that the Bid does not exceed the size of the Offer (excluding the Anchor Portion), subject to applicable limits</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of Allotment</td><td colspan="3">Compulsorily in dematerialised form</td></tr><tr><td>Bid Lot</td><td colspan="3">[●] Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10 each and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10 each thereafter</td></tr><tr><td>Allotment Lot</td><td colspan="3">A minimum of [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10 each and thereafter in multiples of one Equity Share of face value ₹ 10 each for QIBs and RIBs. The Allotment to NIBs shall not be less than the Minimum Non-Institutional Bidder Application Size (i.e., ₹0.20 million)</td></tr><tr><td>Trading Lot</td><td colspan="3">One Equity Share of face value ₹ 10 each</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of Bidding</td><td colspan="3">Only through the ASBA process (except for Anchor Investors).</td></tr><tr><td>Terms of Payment</td><td colspan="3">In case of Anchor Investors: Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of their Bids<sup>(4)</sup><br/>In case of all other Bidders: Full Bid Amount shall be blocked in the bank account of the ASBA Bidder (other than Anchor Investors) that is specified in the ASBA Form at the time of submission of the ASBA Form</td></tr></tbody></table>

* Assuming full subscription in the Offer.

(1) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription or non-Allotment in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. For details, see "Offer Structure" on page 371.

(2) Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. This is an Offer in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR read with Regulation 45 and in compliance with Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations wherein not more than 50% of the Offer shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs. Such number of Equity Shares representing 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only. The remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from them at or above the Offer Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allocation in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the remaining Net QIB Portion for proportionate allocation to all QIBs. Further, not less than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Retail Individual Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received from them at or above the Offer Price. The Equity Shares available for allocation to Non-Institutional Bidders under the Non-Institutional Portion, shall be subject to the following: (i) one-third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹0.20 million and up to ₹1.00 million, and (ii) two third of the portion available to Non-Institutional Bidders shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than ₹1.00 million, provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the aforementioned sub-categories may be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Bidders. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price, under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion or the Retail Portion would be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange, on a proportionate basis. However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories. For further details, see "Terms of the Offer" on page 364.

(3) In case of joint Bids, the Bid cum Application Form should contain only the name of the first Bidder whose name should also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such first Bidder would be required in the Bid cum Application Form and such first Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. Our Company reserves the right to reject, in its absolute discretion, all or any multiple Bids, except as otherwise permitted, in any or all categories.