<table><tr><td>(h) "Memorandum" means the memorandum of association of the Company or as altered from time to time.</td><td>"Memorandum"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Construction</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">In these Articles (unless the context requires otherwise):</td></tr><tr><td>(i) References to a party shall, where the context permits, include such party's respective successors, legal heirs and permitted assigns.</td><td></td></tr></table>

*Note: Adoption of new set of Articles of Association of the Company in complete substitution of the existing Articles of Association. Noted as per section 15 of the Companies Act 2013.*

<table><tr><td>(ii) The descriptive headings of Articles are inserted solely for convenience of reference and are not intended as complete or accurate descriptions of content thereof and shall not be used to interpret the provisions of these Articles and shall not affect the construction of these Articles.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(iii) References to articles and sub-articles are references to Articles and sub-articles of and to these Articles unless otherwise stated and references to these Articles include references to the articles and sub-articles herein.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(iv) Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa, pronouns importing a gender include each of the masculine, feminine and neuter genders, and where a word or phrase is defined, other parts of speech and grammatical forms of that word or phrase shall have the corresponding meanings.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(v) Wherever the words "include," "includes," or "including" is used in these Articles, such words shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation".</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(vi) The terms "hereof", "herein", "hereto", "hereunder" or similar expressions used in these Articles mean and refer to these Articles and not to any Article of these Articles, unless expressly stated otherwise.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(vii) Unless otherwise specified, time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of such period is not a Business Day; and whenever any payment is to be made or action to be taken under these Articles is required to be made or taken on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made or action taken on the next Business Day following.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(viii) A reference to a party being liable to another party, or to liability, includes, but is not limited to, any liability in equity, contract or tort (including negligence).</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(ix) Reference to statutory provisions shall be construed as meaning and including references also to any amendment or re-enactment for the time being in force and to all statutory instruments or orders made pursuant to such statutory provisions.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(x) References made to any provision of the Act shall be construed as meaning and including the references to the rules and regulations made in relation to the same by the MCA. The applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 shall cease to have effect from the date on which the corresponding provisions under the Companies Act, 2013 have been notified.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(xi) In the event any of the provisions of the Articles are contrary to the provisions of the Act and the Rules, the provisions of the Act and Rules will prevail.</td><td></td></tr></table>

Share capital and variation of rights

<table><tr><td>1.</td><td>The authorized share capital of the Company shall be such amount and be divided into such shares as may from time to time, be provided in Clause V of Memorandum, divided into such number, classes and descriptions of Shares and into such denominations, as stated therein, with power to reclassify, subdivide, consolidate and increase and with power from time to time, to issue any shares of the original capital or any new capital and upon the sub-division of shares to apportion the right to participate in profits, in any manner as between the shares resulting from sub-division.</td><td>Authorized share capital</td></tr></table>