the charges made against him. Similarly, pursuant to an ad interim ex parte order dated December 19, 2014 passed by SEBI in connection with alleged manipulation in the scrip of Radford Global Limited, our Promoter, Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria was restrained from accessing the securities market and from buying, selling or dealing in securities, either directly or indirectly, in any manner whatsoever, for alleged violation of the provisions of the SEBI Act, 1992 and SEBI (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices Relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003. Subsequently, upon completion of investigation, SEBI vide its Final Order dated September 20, 2017 did not find any adverse evidence/adverse findings against Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria with respect to his role in the manipulation of the scrip of Radford Global Limited and consequently, revoked the directions issued against him in the matter. While as on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, no such adverse directions passed by SEBI are operating against our aforesaid Promoters, we cannot assure you that, in future, we will not be subject to any regulatory actions against our Company or any of our Promoters. If we or any of our Promoters or Directors are subject to any such debarment or any non-compliance with the provisions securities laws and/or consequent disciplinary action by SEBI or any other governmental authorities, it may have a material impact on our reputation, our ability to raise funds in the future, our growth plans, operations and financial condition.

17. Majority of our Manufacturing Facilities are located on leased properties. There can be no assurance that these lease agreements shall be renewed upon termination or that we shall be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms, which could adversely affect our business, results from operations, financial conditions and cash flows.

Three out of our five manufacturing facilities in India have been taken by us on lease hold basis, with the term of such leases ranging from 95 years to 99 years. For details of such leased properties, see “Our Business - Properties and Facilities” on page 215.

There can be no assurance that these lease agreements will be renewed upon termination, or that we will be able to obtain alternative premises on a leasehold basis on the same or similar commercial terms or at all. Under the terms of the respective lease agreements entered into with the respective lessors, we are subject to various payment and compliance requirements, including timely payment of lease rentals, payment of the existing and future taxes, rates, and service charges, certain building and planning related compliances, insurance requirements, and compliance with applicable pollution control norms. Non-compliance with any such terms could potentially lead to termination of such lease agreements. In the event that these existing leases are terminated, or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms or at all, we may have to relocate to alternative premises or shut down our operations at that site, resulting in a disruption in our operations. Further, upon expiration of the relevant agreement for each such above mentioned units, we will be required to negotiate the terms and agreements on which the lease may be renewed. Our inability to renew the lease agreements on commercially favorable terms may lead to disruptions to our business and have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

18. Changes in international trade policies, geopolitics and trade tariffs, export controls, economic or trade sanctions may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

As we derive a significant portion of our revenue from operations from overseas markets, our business is exposed to international trade policies, geopolitical tensions and the imposition of tariffs, export controls or economic sanctions, all of which are inherently unpredictable and beyond our control. During Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we earned ₹ 1,928.81 million, ₹ 1,034.94 million and ₹ 1,179.92 million representing 40.49%, 30.49% and 31.83%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. Such developments may lead to restrictions on product sales in certain jurisdictions, limit access to key markets, and adversely affect cross-border commercial relationships. Changes in trade or investment agreements could result in bans or limitations on our goods, thereby impacting our growth and expansion plans.

Additionally, economic sanctions or regulatory measures imposed by foreign government may strain relationships with customers or distributors in affected countries, reduce demand for our products, or require us to modify or cease operations in those jurisdictions. In some markets, consumer preferences may shift toward domestically produced goods during periods of heightened geopolitical tension, further affecting demand for our exports.

The U.S. Commerce Department on Sept 24th, 2025 announced that it has opened a new national security investigations into the import of personal protective equipment, medical items, robotics and industrial