<table><tr><td>(2)</td><td>No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.</td><td>Business at adjourned meeting</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>If, at the expiration of half an hour from the time appointed for holding a meeting of the Company, a quorum shall not be present, then the meeting, if convened by or upon the requisition of members, shall stand dissolved, but in any other case, it shall stand adjourned meeting also, a quorum is not present, at the expiration of half an hour from the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present shall be a quorum, and may transact the business for which the meeting was called adjourned to such time on the following day or such other day and to such place, as the Board may determine, and, if no such time and place be determined, to the same day in the next week, at the same time and place in the city or town in which the office of the Company is, for the time being, situate, as the Board may determine, and, if at such</td><td>Adjournment in case quorum is not present</td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>When a meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting.</td><td>Notice of adjourned meeting</td></tr><tr><td>(5)</td><td>Save as aforesaid, and save as provided in the Act, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.</td><td>Notice of adjourned meeting not required</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Voting rights</b></td></tr><tr><td>69.</td><td>Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares -<br/>(a) on a show of hands, every member present in person shall have one vote; and<br/>(b) on a poll, the voting rights of members shall be in proportion to his share in the paid-up Equity Share capital of the company.<br/>(c) every member, not disqualified by these articles shall be entitled to be present, speak and vote at such meeting, and, on a show of hands, every member, present in person.<br/>(d) Provided, however, if any preference Shareholder be present at any meeting of the Company, subject to the provision of section 47, he shall have a right to vote only on resolutions, placed before the meeting, which directly affect the rights attached to his Preference Shares.</td><td>Entitlement to vote on show of hands and on poll</td></tr><tr><td>70.</td><td>A member may exercise his vote at a meeting by electronic means in accordance with the Act and shall vote only once. (The Company shall also provide e-voting facility to the Shareholders of the Company in terms of the provisions of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other Law, if applicable to the Company</td><td>Voting through electronic means</td></tr><tr><td>71. (1)</td><td>In the case of joint holders, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders.<br/>The proxy so appointed shall not have any right to speak at the meeting.<br/>Several executors or administrators of a deceased member in whose name Shares stand shall, for the purpose of these Articles, be deemed joint holders thereof.</td><td>Vote of joint holders, proxy</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>For this purpose, seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members.<br/>Such person shall alone be entitled to speak and to vote in respect of such Shares, but the other of the joint holders shall be entitled to be present at the meeting.</td><td>Seniority of names</td></tr><tr><td>72.</td><td>A member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee or other legal guardian, and any such committee or guardian may, on a poll, vote by proxy. If any member be a minor, the vote in respect of his share or shares shall be by his guardian or any one of his guardians.</td><td>How members non compos mentis and minor may vote</td></tr></table>