and machinery, see “*Objects of the Offer*” on page 107. While we have procured quotations from vendors in relation to the purchase of machinery to support our expanding operations, we have not placed any firm orders for any of them. Such quotations are valid as on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and maybe subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure that we will be able to undertake such expenditure at the costs indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations over and above the contingencies proposed to be funded out of the Net Proceeds. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment and services in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns. Further, if we are unable to procure equipment and ancillary items or avail services from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the similar kind of plant and machinery, equipment and ancillary items and services, which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Alternatively, if we in future get more favourable quotes from the alternate vendors then we may consider procuring from such alternate vendors. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment and services at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, extension or variation in the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations.

The U.S. Commerce Department on Sept 24th announced that it has opened a new national security investigations into the import of personal protective equipment, medical items, robotics and industrial machinery. The robotics probe includes machine tools for cutting, welding, and handling workpieces, autoclaves and industrial ovens. Laser and water-cutting tools and machinery are also included. When tariffs are imposed on imported metals such as steel and aluminum two key materials used in welding—the immediate effect is a rise in material prices. In addition to raising material costs, tariffs can disrupt global supply chains. Many welding companies operate in a tightly connected international network, sourcing materials or components from abroad while exporting finished goods. While currently tariffs are not directly affecting consumables it is a key monitorable. (Source: CRISIL Report.)

Any change in government policies and regulations, including any imposition of additional duties, pre-
conditions or ban imposed by the United States may have an adverse impact on our exports and our results
of operations. Accordingly, the tariffs imposed by the United States on imports from India may have an
impact on our export sales into the United States and/or the cost of raw materials as such measure could
disrupt global supply chains and force suppliers to increase their prices.

These tariffs together with countermeasures that have been or may be adopted by trading partners affected by
these tariffs are likely to disrupt global trade and increase volatility in financial markets, including stock,
currency and interest rate markets.

We derive a portion of our revenue from sale of products from international sales, of which a portion, is from sales to the United States. For more details, see “Risk Factor no. 5 – We derive a significant portion of revenue from operations from exports. Our growth plans and exports may be dependent on the policies passed by the governments of the markets into which we export and any unfavourable change in such policies may adversely affect our business on page 36. Our inability to effectively manage our exports or comply with regulations in countries to which we export, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The imposition of these or any similar tariffs may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

15. We require sizeable amounts of working capital for our continued operation and growth. Our inability to meet our working capital requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any surplus production on account of inaccurate forecasting of customer requirements and failure to manage inventory could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our business requires significant amount of working capital for day-to-day operations, procurement of raw materials and production as there is considerable time interval between purchase of raw materials and realization from sale of our finished goods and our inability to meet our working capital requirements may adversely affect our cash flow cycle. Further, certain purchase orders may require a considerable increase in materials and production costs. The credit period given to customers may be considerable and customers may