<table><tr><td></td><td>(b) upon all or any of the monies so advanced, may (until the same would, but for such advance, become presently payable) pay interest at such rate as may be fixed by the Board. Nothing contained in this clause shall confer on the member (a) any right to participate in profits or dividends or (b) any voting rights in respect of the moneys so paid by him until the same would, but for such payment, become presently payable by him.<br/>The Directors may at any time repay the amount so advanced.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>24.</td><td>If by the conditions of allotment of any shares, the whole or part of the amount of issue price thereof shall be payable by installments, then every such installment shall, when due, be paid to the Company by the person who, for the time being and from time to time, is or shall be the registered holder of the share or the legal representative of a deceased registered holder.</td><td>Installments on shares to be duly paid</td></tr><tr><td>25.</td><td>All calls shall be made on a uniform basis on all shares falling under the same class.<br/>Explanation: Shares of the same nominal value on which different amounts have been paid-up shall not be deemed to fall under the same class.</td><td>Calls on shares of same class to be on uniform basis</td></tr><tr><td>26.</td><td>The provisions of these Articles relating to calls shall mutatis mutandis apply to any other securities including debentures of the Company.</td><td>Provisions as to calls to apply mutatis mutandis to debentures, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>27.</td><td>Dematerialization<br/>Notwithstanding anything contained in the Articles, the Company shall be entitled to dematerialise its shares, debentures and other securities and offer such shares, debentures and other securities in a dematerialised form pursuant to the Depositories Act 1996.<br/>Notwithstanding anything contained in the Articles, and subject to the provisions of the law for the time being in force, the Company shall on a request made by a beneficial owner, re-materialise the shares, which are in dematerialised form.<br/>Every Person subscribing to the shares offered by the Company shall have the option to receive share certificates or to hold the shares with a Depository. Where Person opts to hold any share with the Depository, the Company shall intimate such Depository of details of allotment of the shares to enable the Depository to enter in its records the name of such Person as the beneficial owner of such shares. Such a Person who is the beneficial owner of the shares can at any time opt out of a Depository, if permitted by the law, in respect of any shares in the manner provided by the Depositories Act 1996 and the Company shall in the manner and within the time prescribed, issue to the beneficial owner the required certificate of shares. In the case of transfer of shares or other marketable securities where the Company has not issued any certificates and where such shares or securities are being held in an electronic and fungible form, the provisions of the Depositories Act 1996 shall apply.<br/>If a Person opts to hold his shares with a Depository, the Company shall intimate such Depository the details of allotment of the shares, and on receipt of the information, the Depository shall enter in its record the name of the allottee as the beneficial owner of the shares.<br/>All shares held by a Depository shall be dematerialised and shall be in a fungible form.<br/>(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Act or the Articles, a Depository shall be deemed to be the registered owner for the purposes of effecting any transfer of ownership of shares on behalf of the beneficial owner.</td><td>Dematerialization on Of Securities</td></tr></table>

406