<table><tr><td></td><td>to employees under any scheme of employees' stock option, subject to a special resolution passed by the Company and subject to the conditions as specified under the Act and Rules thereunder; or<br/>to any persons, if it is authorized by a special resolution passed by the Company in a General Meeting, whether or not those persons include the persons referred to in clause (a) or clause (b) above, either for cash or for consideration other than cash, subject to applicable provisions of the Act and Rules thereunder.<br/>The notice referred to in sub-clause (i) of sub-Article (a) shall be dispatched through registered post or speed post or through electronic mode to all the existing Members at least 3 (three) days before the opening of the issue.<br/>The provisions contained in this Article shall be subject to the provisions of the section 42 and section 62 of the Act, the rules thereunder and other applicable provisions of the Act.<br/>Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-clause (i) thereof, the further Shares aforesaid may be offered to any persons, if it is authorised by a special resolution, (whether or not those persons include the persons referred to in clause (a) of sub-clause (i) hereof) in any manner either for cash or for a consideration other than cash, if the price of such shares is determined by the valuation report of a registered valuer subject to the compliance with the applicable provisions of Chapter III and any other conditions as may be prescribed in the Act and the rules made thereunder.<br/>The notice referred to in above sub-clause hereof shall be dispatched through registered post or speed post or through electronic mode to all the existing shareholders at least 3 (three) days before the opening of the issue.<br/>Nothing in sub-clause above hereof shall be deemed:<br/>(a) To extend the time within the offer should be accepted; or<br/>(b) To authorise any person to exercise the right of renunciation for a second time, on the ground that the person in whose favour the remuneration was first made has declined to take the Shares comprised in the renunciation.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>Nothing in this Article shall apply to the increase of the subscribed capital of the Company caused by the exercise of an option as a term attached to the debentures issued or loans raised by the Company to convert such debenture or loans into shares in the Company.<br/>Provided that the terms of issue of such debentures or loan containing such an option have been approved before the issue of such debenture or the raising of loan by a special resolution passed by the Company in general meeting.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>A further issue of shares may be made in any manner whatsoever as the Board may determine including by way of preferential offer or private placement, subject to and in accordance with the Act and the Rules.<br/>The provisions contained in this Article shall be subject to the provisions of the section 42 and section 62 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act and rules framed thereunder.<br/>Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company shall have the power to make compromise or make arrangements with creditors and members, consolidate, demerge, amalgamate or merge with other company or companies in accordance with the provisions of the Act and any other applicable laws.</td><td>Mode of further issue of shares<br/>Power to make compromise or arrangement</td></tr><tr><td>Lien</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>13. (1)</td><td>The fully paid shares will be free from all Lien, however, the Company shall have a first and paramount Lien –</td><td>Company's lien on shares</td></tr></table>