a) As certified by Mehta Chokshi & Shah LLP, Chartered Accountants pursuant to their certificate dated September 29, 2025. The Audit committee in its resolution dated September 29, 2025 has confirmed that the Company has not disclosed any KPIs to any investors at any point of time during the three years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus other than as disclosed in this section.
b) Revenue from Operations means the Revenue from Operations as appearing in the Restated Statement of Financial Information.
c) EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, gain or loss from continued operations and exceptional items.
d) EBITDA Margin refers to EBITDA during a given period as a percentage of revenue from operations during that period.
e) Profit after Tax refers to sum of total income less total expenses after considering the tax expense.
f) Debt to equity ratio is calculated by dividing the debt (i.e., borrowings (current and non-current) and lease liabilities by total equity (which includes issued capital and all other equity reserves).
g) Return on Capital Employed (%) is calculated as EBIT divided by capital employed. Capital employed is calculated as net worth and total debt, less or add Net Deferred Tax (Assets or Liabilities)

**Led by qualified and experienced Promoters and supported by a professional management team**

We are guided by Promoters with deep-rooted expertise in the welding consumables industry of whom Arvind Chhotalal Morzaria, Subhash Chhotalal Morzaria and Dilip Chhotalal Morzaria have been associated with the business since 1979. Our Promoters have played a pivotal role in establishing the foundations of our business and shaping its growth trajectory over the last four decades. Under their leadership, our Company has strengthened its market position, expanded its product portfolio, and established long-standing customer and supplier relationships. Their strategic vision and hands-on leadership have enabled us to sustain long-term customer relationships, maintain product reliability and expand into new geographies.

Our Promoters are supported by a professional management team with significant industry experience, which plays a key role in formulating and executing our business strategies, integrating processes and technologies, and driving operational efficiency. This collective leadership has been instrumental in enhancing our competitiveness and sustaining our growth. Our Board of Directors comprises 14 members with diverse expertise spanning welding consumables, manufacturing, marketing, finance, and governance. In addition, our Board committees provide oversight and ensure governance practices. As of March 31, 2025, we had 289 employees. This depth of experience and workforce stability contributes to institutional knowledge, operational continuity and consistent product quality. Our attrition rate for Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 was 3.46%, 3.94%, and 3.23%, respectively. For further details, see “Our Management” and “– Employees” on page 226 and 214.

## STRATEGIES

**Capitalize on industry tailwinds through proposed expansion at Wada Unit**

Demand for welding consumables in India is undergoing a structural shift, with companies increasingly moving from electrodes to wires. According to the CRISIL Report, at present, the market share is approximately ~45% for electrodes and 40% for wires. This represents a notable shift from five to seven years ago, when the share was ~55% for electrodes and ~35% for wires. This trend towards higher wire consumption, coupled with the overall growth in the welding consumables industry, presents an opportunity for capacity expansion.

To capitalize on these industry tailwinds, we propose to expand our existing facility at Wada Unit by developing approximately 9,322 sq. mtrs constructed area. As of March 31, 2025, our aggregate installed capacity across all facilities was 4,194 MTPA for wires. Post expansion, the Wada Unit is expected to have an installed capacity of 9,194 MTPA (including the additional capacity of 5,000 MTPA). To finance this Proposed Expansion, we intend to utilize a ₹589.61 million of our Net proceeds to undertake civil work, acquire machinery, including wire drawing, annealing furnace, and evaporation machine. The Proposed Expansion is subject to regulatory approvals and potential execution risks, including cost overruns and delays in commissioning. For details, see “Objects of the Offer – Financing the capital expenditure requirement towards expansion of our existing manufacturing facility at Wada Unit (Maharashtra) by increasing the manufacturing capacity of our wire products (“Proposed Expansion”)” and “Risk Factors” on pages 121 and 33.

Once operational, the Wada Unit expansion is expected to (i) increase our capacity to cater to growing demand, (ii) enhance economies of scale and operating efficiency, (iii) enable us to serve a larger customer base, and (iv) reduce concentration risks associated with limited capacity. This strategic expansion reflects our commitment to