<table><tr><td></td><td>resolution of the Board to that effect. Subject to the provisions of the Act, such forfeiture shall include all dividends declared or any other moneys payable in respect of the forfeited Shares and not actually paid before the forfeiture.</td><td>shares to be forfeited</td></tr><tr><td>42.</td><td>When any share shall have been so forfeited, notice of the forfeiture shall be given to the defaulting member and an entry of the forfeiture with the date thereof, shall forthwith be made in the register of members. But no forfeiture shall be, in any manner, invalidated by any omission or neglect to give such notice or to make any such entry as aforesaid.</td><td>Entry of forfeiture in register of members</td></tr><tr><td>43.</td><td>The forfeiture of a share shall involve extinction at the time of forfeiture, of all interest in and all claims and demands against the Company, in respect of the share and all other rights incidental to the share.</td><td>Effect of forfeiture</td></tr><tr><td>44. (1)</td><td>A forfeited share shall be deemed to be the property of the Company and may be sold or re-allotted or otherwise disposed of either to the person who was before such forfeiture the holder thereof or entitled thereto or to any other person on such terms and in such manner as the Board thinks fit.</td><td>Forfeited shares may be sold, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>At any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposal as aforesaid, the Board may cancel the forfeiture on such terms as it thinks fit.</td><td>Cancellation of forfeiture</td></tr><tr><td>45. (1)</td><td>A person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a member in respect of the forfeited shares, but shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, remain liable to pay, and shall pay, to the Company all monies which, at the date of forfeiture, were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of the shares.</td><td>Members still liable to pay money owing at the time of forfeiture</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The liability of such person shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all such monies in respect of the shares.</td><td>Cesser of liability</td></tr><tr><td>46. (1)</td><td>A duly verified declaration in writing that the declarant is a director, the manager or the secretary of the Company, and that a share in the Company has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share;</td><td>Certificate of forfeiture</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale, re-allotment or disposal thereof and may execute a transfer of the share in favour of the person to whom the share is sold or disposed of</td><td>Title of purchaser and transferee of forfeited shares</td></tr><tr><td>(3)</td><td>The transferee shall thereupon be registered as the holder of the share; and</td><td>Transferee to be registered as holder</td></tr><tr><td>(4)</td><td>The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale, re-allotment or disposal of the share</td><td>Transferee not affected</td></tr><tr><td>47.</td><td>Upon any sale after forfeiture or for enforcing a Lien in exercise of the powers hereinabove given, the Board may, if necessary, appoint some person to execute an instrument for transfer of the shares sold and cause the purchaser's name to be entered in the register of members in respect of the shares sold and after his name has been entered in the register of members in respect of such shares the validity of the sale shall not be impeached by any person.</td><td>Validity of sales</td></tr><tr><td>48.</td><td>Upon any sale, re-allotment or other disposal under the provisions of the preceding Articles, the certificate(s), if any, originally issued in respect of the relative shares shall (unless the same shall on demand by the Company has been previously surrendered to it by the defaulting member) stand cancelled and become null and void and be of no effect, and the Board shall be entitled to issue a duplicate certificate(s) in respect of the said shares to the person(s) entitled thereto.</td><td>Cancellation of share certificate in respect of forfeited shares</td></tr><tr><td>49.</td><td>The Board may, subject to the provisions of the Act, accept a surrender of any share from or by any member desirous of surrendering them on such terms as they think fit.</td><td>Surrender of share certificates</td></tr><tr><td>50.</td><td>The provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the nominal value of the share or by way</td><td>Sums deemed to be calls</td></tr></table>

411