divided by net sales multiplied by the number of days in the period (i.e. 365 days for fiscal years). The table below provides the details of our inventory for the Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023:

(₹ in million, except percentage)

<table><thead><tr><td>Particulars</td><td>Fiscal 2025</td><td>Fiscal 2024</td><td>Fiscal 2023</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Inventories (A)</td><td>1,828.01</td><td>1,304.49</td><td>879.33</td></tr><tr><td>Net Sales (B)</td><td>4,763.89</td><td>3,394.88</td><td>3,706.45</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory (in days) (A)/(B)*365</td><td>140.06</td><td>140.25</td><td>86.59</td></tr><tr><td>Current Assets</td><td>3,068.56</td><td>2,240.20</td><td>1,883.51</td></tr><tr><td>Inventory as a percentage of our current assets</td><td>59.57</td><td>58.23</td><td>46.69</td></tr></tbody></table>

Additionally, while a majority of our sales are made against confirmed orders at pre-agreed prices, which partially insulates us from commodity price fluctuations and contributes to a converter-based business model, we cannot assure you that such pricing discipline or margin protection will be sustainable across market cycles. Failure to manage our inventory levels in alignment with actual and forecasted demand could materially and adversely affect our operations, liquidity, and competitive position.

**31. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the Shareholders.**

We have in the past entered into transactions with some of our related parties. For details of our related party transactions for Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 see “Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of Related Party Transactions” and “Restated Financial Information – Note 37 - Related Party Transactions” on page 27 and 294, respectively. While all such related party transactions that we have entered into have been conducted at arm’s length in the ordinary course of business with approvals from the Board and/or our Shareholders, as applicable, and in accordance with applicable laws, we cannot assure you these arrangements or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. The transactions we have entered into and any future transactions with our related parties may have involved or could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company.

Additionally, after the completion of the Offer, all related-party transactions that our Company may enter into will be subject to Audit Committee, Board or shareholder approval, as may be required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations. We cannot assure you that such approvals will be received in a timely manner or at all. Further, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that our Company could not have undertaken such transactions on more favourable terms with any unrelated parties or that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour.

**32. Any disruption or failure of our technology systems may adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally, challenges in implementation of new technologies for our operations could be significant.**

Our business is significantly dependent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our technology infrastructure and systems. We leverage our technology infrastructure to maintain our inventory levels and track our production levels, stock and financial data. For instance, we have implemented the ERP software that integrates different functions, ensuring smooth and effective management of resources, production schedules, and stock levels for financial management, that ensures accurate financial record-keeping, invoicing, and reporting. For further details, see “Our Business - Information Technology” on page 212.

If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to implement and sustain the proper IT infrastructure or tackle instances of employee misconduct and/or frauds, we could be subject to mapping errors and inefficiencies in oversight. Our technology infrastructure is vulnerable to interruption by events beyond our control such as fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications or internet failures, terrorist attacks and computer viruses. We may also be subject to hacking or other attacks on our IT systems and we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully block or prevent all such attacks. Any breaches of our IT systems may require us to incur further expenditure on repairs or more advanced security systems. A significant system failure could adversely affect our ability to manage overall operations, thereby adversely affecting our ability to deliver our services to our customers, our reputation and our revenues. If such interruption is prolonged, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and