<table><tr><td>75.</td><td>A member is not prohibited from exercising his voting on the ground that he has not held his share or other interest in the Company for any specified period preceding the date on which the vote is taken, or on any other ground not being a ground set out in the preceding Article.</td><td>Restriction on exercise of voting rights in other cases to be void</td></tr><tr><td>76.</td><td>Any member whose name is entered in the register of members of the Company shall enjoy the same rights and be subject to the same liabilities as all other members of the same class.</td><td>Equal rights of members</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Proxy</b></td></tr><tr><td>77. (1)</td><td>Any member entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting may do so either personally or through his constituted attorney or through another person as a proxy on his behalf, for that meeting.<br/>A member, present by proxy, shall be entitled to vote only on a poll.</td><td>Member may vote in person or otherwise</td></tr><tr><td>(2)</td><td>The instrument appointing a proxy and the power-of attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarized copy of that power or authority, shall be deposited at the registered office of the Company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote, and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.<br/>No instrument appointing a proxy shall be a valid after the expiration of 12 (Twelve) months or such other period as may be prescribed under the Laws, for the time being, in force, or if there shall be no law, then as may be decided by the Directors, from the date of its execution.</td><td>Proxies when to be deposited</td></tr><tr><td>78.</td><td>An instrument of Proxy may state the appointment of a proxy either for the purpose of a particular meeting specified in the instrument and any adjournment thereof or it may appoint for the purpose of every meeting of the Company or of every meeting to be held before a date specified in the instrument and every adjournment of any such meeting. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the form as prescribed in the Rules.<br/>Every Instrument of proxy, whether for a specified meeting or otherwise, shall, as nearly as circumstances thereto will admit, be in any of the forms as may be prescribed from time to time</td><td>Form of proxy</td></tr><tr><td>79.</td><td>A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid, notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or the revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the shares in respect of which the proxy is given:<br/>Provided that no intimation in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer shall have been received by the Company at its office before the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.</td><td>Proxy to be valid notwithstanding death of the principal</td></tr><tr><td>79. (A)</td><td>Every proxy, whether a member or not, shall be appointed, in writing, under the hand of the appointer or his attorney, or if such appointer is a body corporate under the common seal of such corporate, or be signed by an officer or officers or any attorney duly authorised by it or them, and, for a member of unsound mind or in respect of whom an order has been made by a court having jurisdiction in lunacy, any committee or guardian may appoint such proxy.</td><td>Manner of appointment of proxy</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"><b>Board of Directors</b></td></tr><tr><td>80.</td><td>Unless otherwise determined by the Company in general meeting, the number of directors shall not be less than 3 (three) and shall not be more than fifteen (fifteen), provided that the Company may appoint more than fifteen directors after passing a special resolution. The Company shall have at the minimum such number of independent Directors on the Board of the Company, as may be required in terms of the provisions of applicable law. In addition, not less than two-thirds of the total number of Directors shall be persons whose period of office is liable to determination by retirement of Directors by rotation. The Company shall also comply with the provisions of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations.</td><td>Board of Directors</td></tr></table>

420