CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The Equity Share capital of our Company as at the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, is set forth below:

(In ₹, except share data)

<table><thead><tr><th>S. No.</th><th>Particulars</th><th>Aggregate value at Face value</th><th>Aggregate value at Offer Price *</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>A</td><td>AUTHORIZED SHARE CAPITAL <sup>(1)</sup><br>150,000,000 Equity Shares of ₹10 each</td><td>1,500,000,000</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>B</td><td>ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID-UP SHARE CAPITAL BEFORE THE OFFER<br>79,960,698 Equity Shares of face value ₹10 each</td><td>799,606,980</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>C</td><td>PRESENT OFFER<br>Offer of up to 27,900,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] million <sup>(2)(4)</sup><br>Comprising:<br>Fresh Issue of 22,500,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] million <sup>(2)(4)</sup><br>Offer for Sale of 5,400,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating up to ₹ [●] million <sup>(3)</sup></td><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>D</td><td>ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID-UP SHARE CAPITAL AFTER THE OFFER*<br>[●]Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each</td><td>[●]</td><td>[●]</td></tr><tr><td>E</td><td>SECURITIES PREMIUM ACCOUNT<br>Before the Offer<br>After the Offer</td><td></td><td>Nil<br>[●]</td></tr></tbody></table>

* To be included upon finalization of the Offer Price and subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.

(1) For details in relation to the changes in the authorized share capital of our Company, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters –Amendments to our Memorandum of Association in the last ten years” on page 222.

(2) The Offer including the Fresh Issue has been authorized by our Board pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on September 4, 2025 and by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed at their meeting held on September 8, 2025, in accordance with Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, the Board has taken on record the participation of the Selling Shareholders in the Offer for Sale pursuant to its resolution dated September 9, 2025.

(3) Each Selling Shareholder has severally and not jointly confirmed and approved their respective participation in the Offer for Sale and their respective eligibility to participate in the Offer for Sale in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For further details of authorizations received for the Offer, see “The Offer” and “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures –Authority for the Offer” on pages 75 and 352, respectively.

(4) Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may consider a Pre-IPO Placement, as may be permitted under applicable law, to any person(s), aggregating up to ₹ 300.00 million at its discretion, prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, will be at a price to be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM. If the Pre-IPO Placement is completed, the amount raised pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be reduced from the Fresh Issue, subject to compliance with Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended. The Pre-IPO Placement, if undertaken, shall not exceed 20% of the size of the Fresh Issue. Prior to the completion of the Offer, our Company shall appropriately intimate the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement, prior to allotment pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, that there is no guarantee that our Company may proceed with the Offer or the Offer may be successful and will result into listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, relevant disclosures in relation to such intimation to the subscribers to the Pre-IPO Placement (if undertaken) shall be appropriately made in the relevant sections of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.