OFFER PROCEDURE

All Bidders should read the General Information Document for Investing in Public Offers prepared and issued in accordance with the circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 (to the extent not rescinded by the SEBI ICDR Master Circular in relation to the SEBI ICDR Regulations) and the UPI Circulars (the "General Information Document"), which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the SCRA, the SCRR and the SEBI ICDR Regulations which is part of the Abridged Prospectus accompanying the Bid cum Application Form. The General Information Document is also available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLM. Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document which are applicable to the Offer, including in relation to the process for Bids by UPI Bidders through the UPI Mechanism. The investors should note that the details and process provided in the General Information Document should be read along with this section.

Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information in relation to (i) category of investors eligible to participate in the Offer, (ii) maximum and minimum Bid size, (iii) price discovery and allocation, (iv) payment instructions for ASBA Bidders, (v) issuance of Confirmation of Allocation Note and Allotment in the Offer, (vi) general instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Bid cum Application Form), (vii) Designated Date, (viii) disposal of applications, (ix) submission of Bid cum Application Form, (x) other instructions (limited to joint bids in cases of individual, multiple bids and instances when an application would be rejected on technical grounds), (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious applications, (xii) mode of making refunds, and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

The SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 (each to the extent not rescinded by the SEBI ICDR Master Circular in relation to the SEBI ICDR Regulations), has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface ("UPI") and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIBs applying through Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. ("UPI Phase I"). The UPI Phase I was effective until June 30, 2019.

With effect from July 1, 2019, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, read with circular bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 (to the extent this circular is not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular) with respect to Bids by RIBs through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), the existing process of physical movement of forms from such Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism for such Bids with existing timeline of T+6 days was mandated for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later ("UPI Phase II"). Subsequently, however, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020 extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II until further notice. The final reduced timeline will be made effective using the UPI Mechanism for applications by UPI Bidders ("UPI Phase III"), as may be prescribed by the SEBI. Pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023, the final reduced timeline of T+3 days using the UPI Mechanism for applications by UPI Bidders has been made voluntary for public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and mandatory for public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023 ("T+3 Circular"). Accordingly, the Offer will be undertaken as per the processes and procedures under UPI Phase III, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.

Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April 20, 2022 (each to the extent not rescinded by the SEBI ICDR Master Circular in relation to the SEBI ICDR Regulations) and SEBI ICDR Master Circular, has introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances. The provisions of these circulars are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022 (to the extent not rescinded by the SEBI ICDR Master Circular in relation to the SEBI ICDR Regulations), all individual bidders in initial public offerings (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹0.50 million shall use the UPI Mechanism. This circular has come into force for initial public offers opening on or after May 1, 2022 and the provisions of these circular are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.