## SECTION II – RISK FACTORS

An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Information” on pages 192, 152, and 308, respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved.

Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries.

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Information” beginning on page 261 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to Premier Industrial Corporation Limited.

Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Assessment of the welding raw materials & consumables industry” dated September 2025 prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited (the “CRISIL Report”) exclusively for the Offer and commissioned and paid for by us. The CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at www.picl.in. The information included in this section includes excerpts from the CRISIL Report and may have been reordered by us for the purposes of presentation. For more information, see “Risk Factor no. 35 – Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the CRISIL Report which has been prepared exclusively for the Offer and commissioned by our Company and paid for by our Company exclusively in connection with the Offer, and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.” on page 56.

### 1. Our business and profitability are substantially dependent on the availability and the cost of our raw materials consumed for which we primarily rely on third parties. Any disruption in timely and adequate supply of the raw materials, or volatility in the prices of raw materials or failure to maintain cordial relations with our suppliers may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our cost of raw materials consumed which primarily consists of elemental metals such as, nickel, chrome, ferro chrome low carbon, ferro molybdenum, ferro titanium, ferro manganese, ferro silicon, ferro tungsten, ferro niobium, iron powder, high carbon ferro chrome, and various other ferro alloys including ferrous and non ferrous metals, chemicals & minerals packing material etc, for our powder products; and nickel, mild steel wire and stainless steel wire for the wires we manufacture, constitute a significant portion of our expenses.