reduction in the volume of business from customers operating in these industries, and may impact our sales and in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will not be affected by any significant events impacting the welding consumables industry in the future. While we have not faced any slowdown in the demand for our powder products in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 that led to any material adverse impact on our business and operations, there can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in the future.

3. **We may be unable to successfully execute our plans to expand operations or to successfully implement our business plans and growth strategies in a timely manner or within budget estimates, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.**

We may be unable to sustain growth and expanded operations in the future financial periods. Further, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully implement our business plans and growth strategies in a timely manner or within budget estimates. See “Our Business - Our Strategies” on page 201 for details of our business and growth strategies.

In the past, we have experienced positive growth and the table below sets forth the details of growth in our profit after tax, for the periods indicated:

(₹ in million, except in percentage)

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>Change from previous Fiscal</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>Change from previous Fiscal</th><th>Amount (₹)</th><th>Change from previous Fiscal</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Profit after tax for the period / Year</td><td>512.26</td><td>52.60%</td><td>335.68</td><td>164.96%</td><td>126.69</td><td>(39.34%)</td></tr></tbody></table>

For further details with respect to reason for increase/ decrease for profit after tax, see “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Our Results of Operations” on page 308.

We have in the past invested towards capital expenditure (i.e. gross additions) in order to expand our manufacturing capabilities across our Manufacturing Facilities. Our capital expenditure (i.e. gross additions) as a percentage of revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

<table><thead><tr><th rowspan="2">Particulars</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2025</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2024</th><th colspan="2">Fiscal 2023</th></tr><tr><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operations</th><th>Amount (₹ in million)</th><th>% of revenue from operations</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Capital Expenditure</td><td>58.29</td><td>1.22</td><td>35.23</td><td>1.03</td><td>38.91</td><td>1.04</td></tr></tbody></table>

For details with respect to our capital expenditure See “Our Business - Our Strategies - Capitalize on industry tailwinds through proposed expansion at Wada Unit and Expand our production capacities with respect to powder product” on page 201 and 202. Such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make considerable capital expenditures. Additionally, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to consumer demand and preferences, competition landscape and the economy in India and globally, however, the actual market demand and economic and other conditions may be different from our assumptions.

We cannot assure you that our growth will continue at a rate similar to what we have experienced in the past or that we will be able to successfully implement our business plans, or that our growth strategies will continue to be successful and that we will be able to continue to increase our revenues. A principal component of our strategy is to continue our pace of growth by expanding the size and scope of our business and further expanding our distribution network and product offerings in response to increasing consumer needs. Continuous expansion increases the challenges involved with our ability to maintain high levels of consumer satisfaction and quality standards, develop and maintain relationships with our distributors, direct customers and our vendors. Further, such expansion could be affected by many factors, including general political and economic conditions, geo-political landscape and government policies.

Risks that we may face in implementing our business strategies may substantially differ from those previously experienced, thereby exposing us to risks related to new markets, industry verticals and consumers. Such